[{"candidateid": "73", "skills": "microsoft windows server, citrix xenapp & xendesktop 6.5/7.6, exchange 2007/2010, symantec/veritas backup exec (7 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "magnamious systems pvt ltd - mumbai, maharashtra", "job-description": "working as customer support engineer in magnamious from last 6 years and placed on site as system administrator handling windows servers, ad, dns, dhcp, group policies, exchange 2010 dag with dr site, file server, xenapp 6.5 administration etc.", "job title": "customer support engineer", "job-duration": "june 2010 to present"}, "location": "mumbai, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "b.com mumbai university mumbai, maharashtra && r. j college ghatkopar - mumbai university mumbai, maharashtra && hindi high school", "school-duration": "2008 to 2012 && 1998 to 2000 && 1998", "qualification": "b.com in commerce && hsc in commerce && ssc"}, "resume-summary": "aiming for challenging openings in system administration and further broadening my knowledge in accordance with the latest trends utilizing all my skills fully and contributing to the associated organization towards its progress, to satisfy both individual and organizational requirements."}, {"candidateid": "74", "skills": "linux (4 years), unix (6 years), veritas cluster server (5 years), python (less than 1 year), system administration (6 years), redhat linux (4 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills  platform: solaris, redhat, centos. cluster solution: vcs database: sybase, versant, tomcat application hardware: sun server (m5000, x4640), hp blade c7000. cloud: aws basics. configuration management: anisble & puppet knowledge. scripting language: python storage: host based san connectivity knowledge.", "work-experience": {"company": "ericsson global services india pvt ltd && ericsson && rcs technologies && genisys information systems", "job-description": "worked as engineer - customer support in ericsson global services india pvt ltd (egil) from september 2011 to march 2014.  worked as solaris system administrator in rcs technologies from november 2010 to august 2011.  worked as junior business analyst in genisys information systems india pvt ltd from february 2010 to november 2010. && industry: telecommunication domain: it & telecom operations responsibilities:  administering, managing & remote support of linux, solaris, windows, backup systems & database.  member of emergency recovery team for priority 1 issue providing solution within limited time line.  responsible for working on service requests under ticket based environment to resolve them within sla involving direct customer interaction with 24x7 support.  customer network technical lead - arranging weekly meeting with different customer's to fast track critical issue and know customer requirements.  technical responsibilities:  user administration.  configuring and administration of high availability cluster environment.  managing file systems, volumes though lvm, svm, vxvm.  package administration on linux and solaris systems  perform client installation through pxe boot system (mws)  managing data backups and restoration through netbackup and dmr.  database administration through tuning and troubleshooting as per customer's requirement.  performance tuning related to disk and cpu utilization.  management of oss -rc (ha solution) which includes fault management, configuration management, performance management and eniq (dwh) systems.  administration of eniq dwh solution through etl process.  firmware and bios updating through ilo.  working with hardware vendors for memory upgrade / hardware issue's related to blade systems.  incident tools used   sms sap, csdp ticketing tool & asap. && responsibilities:  providing support by handling installation, troubleshooting & required configuration of the windows and sun workstations ( ultra 10, sun blade 100 & 150)  replacing the failed hard disk.  installation of ubuntu & linux on x86 machines.  replacing the dimms.  troubleshooting file systems issues.  user administration.  troubleshooting on hardware issues. && responsibilities:  business product research and customer requirement analysis.  lead generation through customer interaction as per there infrastructure need.", "job title": "senior engineer - customer support && senior system engineer && system administrator && junior business analyst", "job-duration": "april 2014 to present && september 2011 to present && november 2010 to august 2011 && february 2010 to november 2010"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "m s engineering college under vtu belgaum, karnataka", "school-duration": "2011 to 2014", "qualification": "bachelor of engineering in b.e electronics and communications"}, "resume-summary": " 6+ years of progressive work experience in it industry  competent in deploying agile development, automation, secure remote administration and management in unix / linux platform.  ability to undertake time bound result oriented challenging assignments.  ability to handle work on critical outage."}, {"candidateid": "75", "skills": "sccm (3 years), system (3 years), active directory (3 years), dns (3 years), dhcp (3 years), remedy (3 years), exchange server (3 years), patch management (3 years), wsus (3 years)", "additional-info": "additional information installation and configuration of sccm 2012 server and site roles  deployment of sccm client via \"client push\" mechanism  patch management  distribution of patches based on collections to client  hardware and software inventory  create deployment groups, schedule patch deployments as per customer requirements  ms patches to be distributed to all primary/secondary sccm sites  deploy patches to all physical and virtual windows operating systems  use wsus and sccm to deploy patches  monitor patch deployment through sccm reporting tool  classify and resolve issues for failed deployments   provide support during off hours and weekends for patch deployments or troubleshooting  patch deployments on servers and workstations for microsoft operating systems and applications  software distribution of packages in sccm  handling osd related issues and deploying packages via task sequence  technical skills:   knowledge of itil v3 foundation, sccm 2012  basic knowledge of active directory, microsoft 2010, windows server 2012, dns, dhcp, application deployment in sccm 2012, reporting services, software distribution, patch management", "work-experience": {"company": "current organization - wipro technologies bengaluru - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": "client - shire pharmaceuticals role summary - my key responsibilities are below.  sccm administrator  installation and configuration of sccm 2012 server and site roles  deployment of sccm client via \"client push\" mechanism  patch management  distribution of patches based on collections to client  hardware and software inventory  create deployment groups, schedule patch deployments as per customer requirements  ms patches to be distributed to all primary/secondary sccm sites  deploy patches to all physical and virtual windows operating systems  use wsus and sccm to deploy patches  monitor patch deployment through sccm reporting tool  classify and resolve issues for failed deployments through remote management tools  provide support during off hours and weekends for patch deployments or troubleshooting  patch deployments on servers and workstations for microsoft operating systems and applications  software distribution of packages in sccm  major incident coordinator   incidents and emails management, recording and tracking incidents and requests  follow up on all critical incidents either through email or call, closing incidents and confirm with the users  send management 'sms' alerts for major/critical incidents to stakeholders  organize telco's for major/critical incidents  invoke major incident manager as described in best practices.  creating daily operational reports and send it across to the managers that encompasses the  worked on remedy ticketing tool.  communication spoc/outage coordinator:  sending & coordinating management communications and or alerts to all the impacted business zones, this includes communicating high priority issues like outages, bundles, installations and updates to end users effectively, keeping in mind the business impact and time  coordinating technical calls/telco's whenever necessary to solve critical tickets.  application support  working in itil project in application support  handled pmo activities for offshore and onsite resources  reporting task and generating reports for the entire team using avaya cms supervisor tool  using remedy, jira, service now and atlassian ticketing tool to handle incidents.  handling client accounts using active directory  supporting client's web based applications.  handling mcafee endpoint security issues.  handling and troubleshooting clients account in exchange 2010  working on access provisioning and revoking for r&d application groups for clients  handling access issues for all the applications of client  monitoring the jobs in sap pi  monitoring the exchange servers using the bppm (bmc proactive net performance management) monitoring tool.  handling sap account unlock, password reset and access validity extension requests.  sme for shire pharmaceuticals  performing ticket audits and email audits  conducting the process trainings for the team  initiating the on-boarding and off-boarding process for the new joiners  managing the daily operations  generating the daily, weekly reports as per client requirement  creating knowledge base article for the new activities and for known errors  following up on critical incidents either through email or call, closing incidents and confirm with the users. and coordinating with technical/functional teams to have the update on the issues.", "job title": "administrator", "job-duration": "december 2013 to present"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "rayat college affiliated", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "b.tech in electronics and communication"}, "resume-summary": " 3.1 years of it professional experience.  good knowledge on windows server, active directory, system center configuration manager 2012, itil concepts.  good interpersonal & analytical skills, quick learner and zeal to learn new technologies."}, {"candidateid": "76", "skills": "redhat linux", "additional-info": "additional informationserving notice period from 12th january - 15 th march 2017", "work-experience": {"company": "none", "job-description": "hired as a full-time technical support engineer following initial consulting role.  key contributions:  responsible for attending clients problem on ticket board, emails and on live chats and helping customers to get their website online and to get their emails working.  responsible for solving server side issues and email issues.  identifying system, problem, bugs and liaising with 2nd line support to resolve these issues. as a system administrator:  key contributions:  software installations, third party software installations and upgrades, patches.  server setup, optimization and hardening, migrations and operating system reload  control panel installation and configuration.  troubleshooting and quick server restoration in case of unexpected downtime.  round the clock server monitoring, maintenance of backups and timely report of hardware failure.  firewall & antivirus installation, tuning and maintenance.  installation and configuration of linux daemons.  mail server and apache tweaks.  os and control panel upgrade and patching.  customizing web based applications.  pro-active support via ticket systems, live chats and emails  installing spam controllers  basic academice credentials:", "job title": "technical support engineer/ system administrator", "job-duration": "may 2015 to present"}, "location": "nashik, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "late g.n. sapkal college of engineering nashik, maharashtra && snjb's college of science nashik, maharashtra", "school-duration": "2015 && 2011", "qualification": "b.e in e & tc && hsc"}, "resume-summary": "to be a part of an organization of hi-tech environment that will help me realize the numerous applications of my theoretical knowledge and to be able to provide my best to the organization in return.  linux technical support/ system administrator proven success in systems optimization and administration  accomplished linux technical support engineer/system administrator with 20 months of experience managing servers infrastructures across multiple platforms (unix, linux) . effectively plan, install, configure and optimize the servers to consistently achieve high availability and performance.  proven ability to create and deliver solutions tied to business growth, organizational development and systems/network optimization. skilled problem identifier and troubleshooter comfortable managing systems, projects and teams in a range of it environments."}, {"candidateid": "77", "skills": "network management (2 years)", "additional-info": "additional information installation of desktop, laptops, printers, switches & servers.  installing softwares, like microsoft products, security products all necessary utilities etc   troubleshooting of all hardware & software problems.  diagnose problem related to hardware call logging with hp, dell, ibm and lenovo etc.  replacing new parts with defective parts like laptop motherboard, led, fans etc.  installed windows server 2000, 2003, 2008.  installed and configured windows xp, windows 7 and windows 8 for desktops and laptops using norton ghost and acronic imaging.  administration of symantec corp edition using symantec console.   configured ris [remote installation service] .  attending call through remedy and chatting through midline chat channel.  managed various hardware and software upgrades.  installed and configured outlook express and microsoft outlook.  backup and restore of outlook express (.dbx files) and ms outlook (.pst files).  installed utility software and updates the software.  assembling and troubleshooting of hardware components.  handling desktops, notebooks, computers & server.  configured and troubleshooting network & shared printers.  taking nt backup and restore process.  troubleshooting of computers and application softwares.  trouble shooting computer hardware.  implementing lan and configuring internet.  installing proxy server and troubleshooting the n/w.  assigning ip address   assemble and configure the system and installing the applications.  troubleshooting of computers and application software.  establishing lan and maintaining lan.  fault detection & rectification of n/w card, hard-disk, modem, cd-drive, (almost all computer devices) etc.   troubleshoot various system problems like motherboard, memory, and processor, smps for servers and desktop computers", "work-experience": {"company": "snowman logistics limited - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": "network administrator as it sr executive customer support engineer in snowman logistic ltd. from aug 2014 to till date. as a desktop, laptops, networking support engineer.servers, switches networking support engineer.", "job title": "network administrator", "job-duration": "august 2014 to november 2016"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "scs higher secondary school", "school-duration": "2000", "qualification": "s.s.l.c in electronics"}, "resume-summary": "to accelerate my pace towards the growth of the organization by riding on my strength and to make innovations with my skills."}, {"candidateid": "78", "skills": "bwise grc application (4 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "xchanging - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": "total 4 years of professional experience in grc platform and java based application  expertise in implementation of the nasdaq bwise product and was part of l2 (level 2 support). recently promoted to 3rd line (level 3 support)  overseas work experience at netherlands and usa  good understanding of governance, risk and compliance product suite (internal control, open assessments, control assessments, internal audit, risk assessment and process management)  customization of nasdaq bwise application as per customer's business requirement  defect resolution, creating change request to meet their new requirements  expertise in setting up authorization for the framework and in setting up control assessments, open assessments, risk assessment and hands on experience in setting up formulas in assessments, workflow, alerts  expertise in setting up workflows for framework elements such lifecycle & approval  education and certifications. master of computer applications with aggregate of 76% from new horizon college of engineering, bangalore  ocjp (oracle certified java programmer)  itil v3 foundation  bwise functional administrator certification  project 1: client : nasdaq bwise location :india responsibilities:  implementation of internal control framework and modification of meta model as per customer's business requirements, setting up authorization for access level, xls import of framework data, organization, incident management, used bis tool for mapping of fields.  defining workflow for concerned elements along with formulas as per business requirement  setting up control assessment, open assessment, risk assessment with formulas  helped customers in planning audits and audits template related issues  migration of data from one environment to another environment along with configuration.  as a part of l2 (level 2) team, worked on product down critical issues and escalated incidents  coordinate with r&d team for further discussions on incidents and bug fixing  handling issues related to portlets and helped in creation of small portlets for customers  mentoring first line team members on nasdaq bwise product  log file analysis related to the errors & performance related issues  preparing replica of customer's environment with similar set up of authorizations and customizations for analysis purpose  project 2.(onsite) client name : nasdaq bwise location :netherlands customers of bwise from dutch region by defining the authorization framework  quick resolution for production down issue  modification of bwise license file  issues related to application performance  project 3.(onsite) client name : nasdaq bwise location : usa  responsibilities:  worked for bwise customers from us region. handled critical issues related to incident management and risk assessment  solved issues related to formulas and workflow and issues related to portlets, xls importer, risk tree", "job title": "customer support consultant", "job-duration": "april 2013 to present"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "new horizon college of engineering bangalore, karnataka", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "mca"}, "resume-summary": " company-xchanging solutions pvt ltd (csc company)  designation software engineer  expertise in end to end bwise product knowledge ( technical & functional)  domain-governance risk management (grc)"}, {"candidateid": "79", "skills": "basics of computers and ms office (3 years)", "additional-info": "additional information experienced career in the traveling field with organizational skills and professionalism.  expertise in all aspects of travel management   experience of managing several tour events and special travel programs  expertise in developing tour packages and plan travel. ability to adapt myself in any environment  excellent knowledge in assessing the requirement of customers.  skilled in providing the booking information according to the customers wish.  responsible for providing travel guidance and packages according to the customers requirement and budget.  giving guiding for cab drivers over travelling.", "work-experience": {"company": "shiva travels && serco global services && none", "job-description": "worked as a customer support associate with serco global services from jan '15 to june '15  personal skills platform: windows theoretical background: computer basics, internet application: basics of c and c++ and ms-office  project 1: && roles and responsibility:  maintaining the data of customers and workers.  keeping clients up to date with any changes  collecting and processing payments from clients.  advising clients on travel arrangements  dealing with complaints or refunds or cancellation of bookings.  ensures that the travel goes smoothly by making all necessary preparations and anticipating all that can happen  keeps track of the customers while on travel and provides assistance as the need arises  achievements  the service has been increased 9 % in the financial year 2010-2011.  recognized for excellent services for just satisfying each client every day.  project 2: && roles and responsibility:  working in a credit card payment collection process over phone call.  explaining the cibil process and outstanding balance to the credit card holders.  requesting the customers to pay the outstanding balance amount of their credit card.", "job title": "administrator && administrator && customer support associate", "job-duration": "june 2015 to june 2016 && june 2015 to june 2016 && january 2015 to june 2015"}, "location": "vellore, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "ranganathan engineering college coimbatore, tamil nadu && government higher secondary school tiruppattur, tamil nadu && government higher secondary school tiruppattur, tamil nadu && board/ university", "school-duration": "2013 && 2008 && 2006 && none", "qualification": "be && hsc && sslc && none"}, "resume-summary": " experienced career in the traveling field with organizational skills and professionalism.  expertise in all aspects of travel management  experience of managing several tour events and special travel programs  expertise in developing tour packages and plan travel. ability to adapt myself in any environment  excellent knowledge in assessing the requirement of customers.  skilled in providing the booking information according to the customer's wish.  responsible for providing travel guidance and packages according to the customer's requirement and budget.  giving guiding for cab drivers over travelling."}, {"candidateid": "80", "skills": "active directory (1 year), incident management (2 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationcurriculum vitae rajesh dhara add.: [] flat no.-s3, nest harmony apartments, venkatapuram, alwal, landmark  near dargha bus stop, hyderabad,  pin - 500010 mobile: [] e-mail id- rdhara84@gmail.com   career objective: to be recognized as a man of competence who is committed towards the attainment of the organizational goals.  skill set: coordination, team attitude, diagnosis & analysis  professional strengths:  ability to learn.  to complete the assignment within deadline.  leave no stone unturned to satisfy my sincere & dutiful services.  playing a key role in reconciling data, slas and related documents and supporting the project in various possible ways.  proficient in establishing defined quality standards for all work aspects of the project.  conducting sessions and briefing to create awareness among the team members towards product, process and soft skills.  professional experience:  worked with wipro bps as technical support executive, handling overseas clients of hewlett packard  ipg-apac division, since 13th may.2013 till 30th april 2015.  joined wipro technologies & become part of the project cisco secure operations as trainer cum knowledge manager cum incident master since 1st may 2015 till now.  proficiently managed the service queues to make sure that the queue backlog is under control.  responsible to handle the incident management, meeting the sla deliverables.  itil  incident management & awareness.  escalating unresolved concerns to other support staff onsite.  proficiently developed and documented several incident management process modules.  dealing with the incidents raised for all kinds of emergencies and priority based tickets.  assessing impact of the incidents and prioritizing them accordingly.  able to handle first point escalation for all technical and process issues. provided technical subject matter expertise wherever required.   ensure proper communication and quick resolution as a crisis manager. plan and schedule changes, coordinating with  different stakeholders.   perform rca for major incidents related to his / her tower, follow quality / security process defined for the engagement.   perform trend analysis, identifying incidents and working with respective teams/individual to minimize the incidents, hardware troubleshooting & vendor coordination.  prepare weekly and monthly status reports. participate in business meetings with various stakeholders on a need basis.   took corrective actions based on the customer satisfaction surveys. worked on the service improvement programs. effort estimation/reviews on need basis for new projects.   training of new team members. able to work on knowledge acquisition and updates to related documents.  technical exposure:  platforms: lan, internet, hp printers, careforce dot com (crm) salesforce, bmc remedy incident management tool.  operating systems: unix, windows xp/7/8/8.1,  languages: basic  packages: ms-office (word, excel, powerpoint), adobe photoshop  proficient in managing end user accounts using active directory,   expert in installing/uninstalling required software as per upgrades and application requirements.  expert in reimaging the windows computer devices as per requirement.  proficient in laptop and desktop diagnosing/troubleshooting using remote tools like sr-dash, logmein rescue, bomgar, sccm remote desktop control tool and rdp.  proficient in unix scripting in order to resolve network alerts, synchronizing & monitor tunnels.  proficient in managing end user information using crm tools like astro crm and sales force.  good at itms tools like bmc-remedy.  academic qualification:  passed 10th from c.b.s.e. board, delhi with 1st division in 2003.  passed 12th from c.b.s.e. board, delhi with 1st division in 2005.  graduate in bachelor of business administration from jamia hamdard university, delhi in 2008.  computer proficiency:  computer fundamentals (ms-office, internet) from cmc ltd., delhi  tally 7.2  personal information:  father's name : late. biswanath dhara. date of birth : 14th december 1986. marital status : single. languages known : english, hindi & bengali  signature  (rajesh dhara)", "work-experience": {"company": "wipro technologies - hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "job-description": " worked with wipro bps as technical support executive, handling overseas clients of hewlett packard  ipg-apac division, since 13th may.2013 till 30th april 2015.  joined wipro technologies & become part of the project cisco secure operations as trainer cum knowledge manager cum incident master since 1st may 2015 till now.  proficiently managed the service queues to make sure that the queue backlog is under control.  responsible to handle the incident management, meeting the sla deliverables.  itil  incident management & awareness.  escalating unresolved concerns to other support staff onsite.  proficiently developed and documented several incident management process modules.  dealing with the incidents raised for all kinds of emergencies and priority based tickets.  assessing impact of the incidents and prioritizing them accordingly.  able to handle first point escalation for all technical and process issues. provided technical subject matter expertise wherever required.   ensure proper communication and quick resolution as a crisis manager. plan and schedule changes, coordinating with  different stakeholders.   perform rca for major incidents related to his / her tower, follow quality / security process defined for the engagement.   perform trend analysis, identifying incidents and working with respective teams/individual to minimize the incidents, hardware troubleshooting & vendor coordination.  prepare weekly and monthly status reports. participate in business meetings with various stakeholders on a need basis.   took corrective actions based on the customer satisfaction surveys. worked on the service improvement programs. effort estimation/reviews on need basis for new projects.   training of new team members. able to work on knowledge acquisition and updates to related documents.", "job title": "administrator", "job-duration": "may 2013 to present"}, "location": "hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "jamia hamdard university delhi, delhi", "school-duration": "2005 to 2008", "qualification": "b.b.a in business administration"}, "resume-summary": "to be recognized as a man of competence who is committed towards the attainment of the organizational goals."}, {"candidateid": "81", "skills": "sap fico, sap, oracle, excel, tally", "additional-info": "additional information sap  ps, mm, sd, co modules  oracle - erp system.  tally,   well versed in advance ms-excel  win-xp, ms-office, ms-access,", "work-experience": {"company": "honeywell international india pvt ltd - pune, maharashtra && honeywell automation india ltd.- hps systems bu - pune, maharashtra && first - flight couriers ltd. - pune - rho. - khamgaon, maharashtra && vikamshi fabrics pvt. ltd. - khamgaon, maharashtra", "job-description": " creating purchase requisitions and converting them to purchase orders for projects in oracle.  advising delivery date of the parts ordered to the requestor.  regularly maintaining vendor records, requestor records and working with oracle support team for setting up records in oracle.  goods receipting received against a po in oracle and invoicing it. maintaining proofs of delivery acknowledgement and resolving invoicing disputes.   booking of projects and projects variation orders in epsf system for sea region.  prepare invoices for projects and variation orders in epsf system.  prepare credit memos to customer for projects / spare parts and spot calls in epsf system.  verify the actual billings to the customer is done according to approved billing break-up schedule / project milestones as per the customer po terms.  ensure gpm process is followed in all job bookings.  daily tracking of opportunities in seibel from the sales team to book a job / change order for project and looking out for complete documents (ecoat/ egap, pes, credit approval, po) and escalating it to the relevant team for complete information.  acting as an eac gate keeper for eeac tool and implementating of projects eeacs (estimate-at-completion) in epsf system for various reasons during tenure of a project.  project occ (open commitment costs) / commitment management.  initiate job closures activities in epsf system.  booking of spare parts and spot calls orders in epsf system.  prepare delivery orders for materials dispatch purpose.  prepare commercial invoices for customer clearance of import shipments.  billing of spare parts orders upon delivery of materials.  billing of spot calls upon completion of engineering services at sites.  preparing services requests (sr) for projects and spot calls in siebel.  tracking and updation of different types of activities in siebel.  training and coaching to new employees.  preparing different periodical reports.  deputed at honeywell-kuala lumpur, malaysia office for training & knowledge transfer purpose for period of nov-dec2015. &&  booking sales orders (so) in sap.  creating projects, wbs elements, networks, activities, activity elements in sap.  uploading & tracking bill-of-material & billing-break-ups in sap.  preparing materials dispatch advices (mda) and mdcc.  preparing out bound deliveries (obd) in sap for factory & warehouse dispatches.  maintaining pricing conditions for billing in sap.  preparing goods receipts (gr) of third-party materials po's in sap.   preparing service entry sheets (ses) for subcontractors' po's in sap.  processing vendor invoices for payments.  co-ordination & follow-ups with cross functional teams (cft) for billing & dispatches.   project occ (open commitment costs) / commitment management.   reconciliation of project & finance versions of cost budgets periodically in sap.   preparing detail order estimation (doi) for change orders.  preparation & implamentation of estimate-at-completions (eac) in sap.  preparing different periodical mis reports. &&  entering data entries of accounts in proprietary software.  preparing bank reconciliation statements.  preparing monthly mis report of outstanding & sales & collection reports  preparing statements for service tax return. && job profile:  entering data entries of accounts & inventories in tally.  preparing sales orders, invoices and challanes.  preparing income & expenditure statement.  preparing debtors & creditors list.  preparing material dispatch clearances.  preparing statements for sales tax & excise returns.", "job title": "customer service administrator && project administrator && accounts officer && accounts assistant", "job-duration": "february 2015 to present && september 2006 to january 2015 && june 2005 to august 2006 && november 2003 to june 2005"}, "location": "pune, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "bharati vidyapeeth university pune, maharashtra && amravati university amravati, maharashtra && amravati university amravati, maharashtra && amravati university amravati, maharashtra", "school-duration": "june 2010 && march 2002 && march 1999 && march 1997", "qualification": "m.b.a. in finance && b. com. && h.s.c. && s.s.c."}, "resume-summary": "to obtain a challenging position in the organization. work at my level best and use my skills and qualification to server the organization, which recognizes talent and hard work, with perfection."}, {"candidateid": "82", "skills": "windows os installation & troubleshootin, router & swiches maintainance & troubleshooting,configure services-dhcp, dns, remote desktop etc,configuration networking and troubleshoots,linux maintainance & troubleshooting, (3 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationareas of expertise  networking - switches /  routers / firewalls  sql  1st/2nd line issues  infrastructure support  server support  microsoft technologies  remote support tools  professional  advance certified hardware & networking professional(achnp) includes-ccna, redhet6.0, mcitp  personal skills  problem solving  commitment to outcomes  highly analytical  helpful attitude", "work-experience": {"company": "ags transact technologies pvt. ltd && next education india pvt. ltd - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": "total work experienced - 2.8 mounths  responsible for supporting the company's sme clients at all levels as part of a helpdesk team. ensuring that all hardware, software and networking is configured and installed correctly.  duties: responsible for networking, design, installation and maintenance services. supporting users and network administrators over the telephone, email, on site. maintain the companies network infrastructure.  networking and providing support for windows, macintosh and linux issues. configuration and testing of any new hardware and software.  travelling to client sites to help with installs, deployment, and troubleshooting. management of the daily data backup and retrieval scheme.  installing and operating windows desktop and server operating systems. tcp/ip networking and hardware maintenance and repair.  training new employees.  assistance with training of staff and compiling procedural documentation. assisting the network manager with support requests.  ensure computer hardware is safe & complies with health and safety legislation. applying patches in accordance with company procedures.  key skills and competencies experience as a team leader for projects and systems migrations. excellent customer facing skills.   a positive attitude towards customer service and good communication skills.  experienced troubleshooting and configuration of windows server 2003, exchange /xp professional /windows 7, linux. configuration various type of services-dhcp, dns, remote desktop support commercial technical support experience of servers and network infrastructure. ability to be clear & concise when explaining technical procedures to customers.  configure routers & swiches && i have worked with this company for 1 years and gain a great experienced", "job title": "it customer support engineer && technical supoort engineer", "job-duration": "august 2015 to present && october 2014 to august 2015"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "mits(microcity institute of technical studies) udaipur, rajasthan", "school-duration": "2012 to 2014", "qualification": "achnp deploma(advanced certified hardware & networking professional) in it solutions"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "83", "skills": "microsoft technology, networking, hardware, it infrastructure, erp (10+ years)", "additional-info": "additional informationother technical skill  subjects details sap basis administration. sap erp ecc 5 database administration & server installation (sql server 2005, 2008 & oracle 8i)  sql server 2012& 2014  creating & managing database, user login & security, import / export data, backup & recovery, replication, odbc connectivity.  oracle 8i migration, partitioning, performance monitoring, database recovery, net8. server installation all windows servers, unix/rh linux 8. hardware / networking computer assembling & troubleshooting of all types of computers & laptops (ibm, hp, wipro, ) troubleshooting of lan, switches and hubs.  computer software's foxpro/vb programming knowledge, ms-access crystal report.  academic project  dba: \"data base management system \"with sql server 7.0. \"dhcp configuration on red hat linux\".  \"inventory control system (purchase, production, sales) front end vb 6.0.back end access 2000. \"jay plastics pvt.ltd. mumbai (west) \".  * permanent address dnyaneshwar bharatsing rajput. 21 lal bag colony. dhule road nandubar. tal. dist. nandurbar. 425412  declaration i hereby declare that the information provided above is true to the best of my knowledge.  date: yours faithfully. rajput dnyaneshwar", "work-experience": {"company": "matrix business machine pvt. ltd - pune, maharashtra && arya infotech network solution pvt. ltd - pune, maharashtra && olympus computers - pune, maharashtra && bharati vidyapeeth medical foundations\" bharati hospital & research center - pune, maharashtra && keihin fie pvt. ltd - chakan, maharashtra && r-tech computers kothrud - pune, maharashtra && none", "job-description": "pune 45 matrix business machines pvt. ltd is a iso 9001-2008 certified organization and having gained invaluable experience in designing, supply, configuration, integration and maintenance of it infrastructure and enterprise-wide solutions to hundreds of corporate clients in pune.  job profile working as a customer support manager.  role and responsibility * responding to issues such as service inquiries, problem resolution, and retaining accounts. * handling customer escalations and all customer relations issues. * managing customer expectations. * managing customer service teams, processes, and polices. * promoting products and services. * manage a more than 35 support engineers team to provide first class post sales support to customers * provide input into the pre sales process and act as a lead on support and service issues, strategy and approach * set clear objectives, evaluate progress and instill a high performance culture with focus on team work, service excellence and ownership for resolving customer issues * manage the team and individual performance technical and skills development. && role and responsibility * assisted customers in installation and operating computer software, hardware and related problems to satisfy all needs. * organized cases to be sent to support analysts and escalated cases if not resolved by system analysts and ensured use of all resources for resolution. * managed support cases and resolved all issues, evaluated resolution provided to confirm compliance with necessary guidelines. * provided pre-sales and post-sales technical consulting for customers and company sales people * assisted support analysts and provided necessary feedback on cases escalated to senior management. * work with customers, vendors, and staff to produce network designs. this involves detailing network requirements and equipment to implement different designs, producing network design documents such as drawings and recommendations for a particular approach, and the presentation of same to technical staff and management. * assisted customers and understood requirements and worked accordingly. * supervised, and provided technical back up, for a team of ten. * monitored employee performance and performed required appraisals. * responsible for administration, hiring, technical training, mentoring, and team building. && role and responsibility * responding to issues such as service inquiries, problem resolution, and retaining accounts. * handling customer escalations and all customer relations issues. * managing customer expectations. * managing customer service teams, processes, and polices. * promoting products and services. && pune - 43  job profile working as a it head.  role and responsibility * windows server 2003 / 2008 administrations * managing active directory, dns and dhcp servers. * managing hw issues -- vendor coordination * anti virus updates and ms patches management. * active directory services -- managing users, group policies & other resource objects. * managing cluster services -- installation & administration * manage ibm x3650 m4, dell t410, hp ml 150g6 servers. (os win 2003 & win 2008 server) * maintain cisco 1800, 1900 series router & firewall system (sonic wall tz 210, tz 215 series) * hyper-v server administration  managing virtual servers -- virtual infra client.  troubleshooting the hyper-v machines using virtual centre and hyper-v infrastructure client.  cloning and troubleshooting hyper-v esx hosts and guest servers.  creating and deploying templates. * server hardware calls escalation to respective vendors if required. * co-ordination with amc providers for all hardware, networking, internet. * setting back up policies and other standards for it dept. * total hardware (pcs, printers, lan) and software support/maintenance including networking. * manage l2 l3 networking switches. * to manage it dept having strength 1+4 * setup of 210 pc/laptops, 60 printers, routers and firewalls.  achievements successfully implementation of hospital information system (erp) for modules reception and opd management, lis, ris, mis, billing, pharmacy management, inventory, finance, payroll/ hr with time attendance, linen and laundry, etc. my role was overall project co-ordination incl. tracking progress of project, maintaining the issue database etc. && chakan midc pune. keihin is rs.350+ cr. japanese group in carburettor manufacturing having tie up with fie group from ichalkaranji. also have another plant in haryana.  job profile:- && job profile: installing & configuration of all software's & troubleshoots it. customer support as per requirement experience: 6 months. (date-jan 2004 to jun 2004)  jay plastics pvt. ltd. mulund. mumbai (w) && job profile: to manage information about stock and employee's. troubleshooting & installation of desktop pc's & different software applications and operating system. experience: 6 months. (date- jul 2003 to dec 2003)", "job title": "customer support manager && working as a technical support manager && working as a customer support manager && working as a it head && system administrator && customers support engineer && computer operator & hardware engineer", "job-duration": "january 2016 to present && september 2014 to december 2015 && march 2014 to august 2014 && february 2010 to september 2013 && august 2004 to january 2010 && january 2004 to june 2004 && july 2003 to december 2003"}, "location": "pune, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "north maharashtra university jalgoan && c.m.s institute pune. pune, maharashtra", "school-duration": "none && none", "qualification": "master of computer management in computer management && master diploma in networking & data communication"}, "resume-summary": "name mr. dnyaneshwar bharatsing rajput.  residential address ashwini vihar, sr.no 41/3 flat no-9, sachhai mata nagar, ambegaon kh. haveli pune 46. contact no +91 [] email id rajputd02@gmail.com / rajputd_b@yahoo.com  total 12+ yrs. of it experience   expertise in installation and administration of windows 2000, 2003, windows 2008 & windows 2012 server, windows 7, windows 8, 8.1 windows vista, windows xp.  more than 12 years of experience in it with experience in server administration in various environments - window 2000, 2003 & 2008 windows 2012 server with active directory services (ad, dns, dhcp, hyper-v)  three years experience in managing / supporting hyper-v server (hosts and guests)  managing cluster services -- installation & administration  managing file servers (ms cluster servers) and print servers.  hands on experience on mailing server and ms sql server [] administration.  network management console for symantec end point, quick heal, macafee antivirus protection.  manage dell power edge 1850, 2850, 2950, t410 series server. (os win 2000, 2003 & 2008 server)  manage ibm x series 3650 m4, x3610, 225 & 226 servers. (os win 2003 server, win 2008 r2 server  installation and maintenance of all local & network printers (hp 5100, hp5500, hp 8000, hp 5550)  maintain cisco 1800, 1900 series router & sonic wall tz 210, 215 firewall.  installation and administration of japanese win xp, vista, windows 7 and windows xp."}, {"candidateid": "84", "skills": "team management, customer support, customer retention, backoffice operations, key account management, client management, process training, conflict management, business development, sales management, business analytics, market intelligence, relationship management (10+ years)", "additional-info": "additional informationit skills: ms visio, ms office.", "work-experience": {"company": "healthenablr india pvt. ltd - mumbai, maharashtra && isoftwarefactory - mumbai, maharashtra && gt nexus software (p) limited - bangalore, karnataka && bank of america - mumbai, maharashtra && c.s. pochee & sons - mumbai, maharashtra", "job-description": "sales, backoffice operations & customer support) healthenablr is the bridge that gives access to healthcare services and practitioners worldwide through telemedicine platform and emr. patients can connect easily to doctors anytime, anywhere. the company works to provide cost efficient, impartial medical care that is available 24/7, throughout the year across the globe.  highlights of major responsibilities   manage daily sales and backoffice operations- b2b and b2c  team management  develop processes for maximizing operational efficiency and execute sales strategies.  sell software products and services to doctors and hospitals/institutions/clinics  achieve month on month target for the region  pre sales and post-sales support to customers  techno commercial discussion for large projects  key accounts / customer support management / issue resolution/ payments.  demonstrations and trainings of the product to the doctor / administrator / staff / decision maker.  coach, mentor and motivate sales team.  market and research and customer feedback to product development team  achievements  closed major deals and started a pilot project with raksha multispeciality group of hospitals. && the company is specialized in building software components and assembling them to build different software applications which is highly cost effective as compared to other software vendors.  highlights of major responsibilities:  manage sales and backoffice operations  driving business development initiatives to promote company's products among all potential market segments.  identifying customers' needs, conducting gap analysis, coordinating with software development team and presenting cost effective solutions to the customers with high value perception.  resolving customers' technical and commercial queries and securing customers' financial commitments to finalize contracts.  personally managing important clients / payments / accounts / customer service.  actively involved in project delivery / users trainings as per agreed terms to win and retain customer's confidence.  developing and nurturing productive relations with key clients at decision making level to retain their patronage.  achievements  successfully managed sale of company's product 'ipropertybook' independently with great success. && a renowned global developer and operator of the largest cloud supply chain platform of its kind, with over $100 billion in goods managed annually. having association with over 25, 000 active trading organizations across all major industries the company is also accredited as the largest, most complete and active global logistics service provider network in the world.  highlights of major responsibilities:  managed a very important key account, adidas  developed client management process with customer guidance on self serve. managed entire documentation on support processes. diagnosed root cause of outages to resolve technical issues.  created reports, trends and dashboards on salesforce.com to render better assistance to the customers and building of invaluable customer data. efficiently managed data quality programs across all customers on gt nexus platform.  generated various reports like shipment completeness reports, ocean/air event completeness reports, partner timelines report, milestone mapping reports, file processing success/failure reports.  efficiently managed bill of lading, bill of lading instructions, booking, purchase orders, shipping orders, shipments, advance shipping notifications etc. for adidas and other customers.  handled several projects consisting of xml, edi x12 and edifact edi standards.  provided cost effective and customized solutions to the clients within agreed time frame. trained new recruits or team members on company's products and processes.  achievement  handpicked to manage a very big and high profile customer adidas.  earned wide appreciation from 'adidas' for efficiently handling their projects and reducing issues.  chosen to impart training to new and senior employees of gt nexus and adidas in recognition of superior process and product knowledge. && mortgage collections / home retention) a prestigious american multinational banking and financial services corporation headquartered in charlotte, north carolina. it is the second largest bank holding company in the united states by assets.  highlights of major responsibilities  successfully managed various teams of 9 to 20 associates (voice & data)  managed teams handling inbound / outbound calls and data.  monitored team performances regularly and resolved their queries to maximize individual and team productivity observing highest standards of quality.  updated the manager on a day to day basis on the team performance. indentified under performers, provided them needed inputs and drawn up action plan to come up to the desired performance levels.  conducted training sessions for the associates to keep their functional skills up-to-date.  achievements  selected to be a part of a team that was trained in 4 different processes.  picked up regularly to train associates in different processes.  received award for 'zero attrition in a year'. && backoffice operations, customer support and sales) importers & dealers of professional / educational books, magazines and official distributers of isi standards.  highlights of major responsibilities  managing day to day operations of the company.  generate database of potential customers. converting cold leads into enquiries.  create and send commercial proposals to enquiring customers.  meeting institutional and departmental heads and explaining about the books pertaining to their interest / domain.  talking to students and librarians of different disciplines and informing them about the books and also understanding their requirements.  talking to people who wish to author books and supporting them.  follow-up with the clients for orders and payments.  successfully managed pre-sales, post sales operations.  maintaining a detailed correspondence history about clients with reference to the particular enquiries and jobs.  training staff in process efficiency / change management/conflict management/ customer service.  achievements  due to excellent performance, was promoted as senior executive and was given complete control of operations in mumbai region.", "job title": "manager (sales, backoffice operations & customer support) && business development manager (sales, backoffice operations & customer support) && case manager (customer support, operations) && team developer (mortgage collections / home retention) && senior executive (backoffice operations, customer support and sales)", "job-duration": "august 2015 to august 2016 && april 2013 to january 2015 && april 2011 to march 2013 && march 2007 to march 2011 && february 2003 to february 2007"}, "location": "mumbai, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "n.m.a.m. institute of technology, university of mangalore. mangalore, karnataka", "school-duration": "december 2002", "qualification": "bachelor of engineering in industrial and production"}, "resume-summary": "i am an academically qualified graduate engineer (industrial and production), i have contributed over 13 years in driving business development / customer service / customer support / backoffice operations initiatives with renowned companies in it, publishing, bpo and banking sectors. i hold strong credentials in achieving and exceeding business targets consistently during the career span. resolving customers issues promptly i have consistently retained continued patronage of high profile clients. a team leader and effective motivator i have successfully built and retained cohesive teams of performers.  with well-honed functional skills, i seek career realignment in managerial role in the domain of customer service / backoffice operations with a progressive company in india. driven by high energy levels and abundant positive attitude i am confident of justifying my inclusion in companys management team.  my enclosed resume would familiarize you with the details and i hope you would find my credentials in perfect congruence with job profile. i shall be glad to receive a call for a personal/ telephonic interview."}, {"candidateid": "85", "skills": " a+ (hardware).  n+(networking fundamentals).  operating systems (xp, vista and windows 7,windiws 8, windows10).  network operating system (server 2003/2008/2012).  dhcp server configuration on windows 2003 server 2008 server  working knowledge of different raid levels (raid 0 and raid 1).  ccna router configuration with required protocol and manageable switch configuration.  redhat (redhat enterprises linux 6.2)  working knowledge of ssh, telnet.  vista supporting software.  managing virtualized nodes and non - virtualized nodes.  knowledge of networking, using t568b standard.  throughput testing hardware and network points. (6 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills:  a+ (hardware)  n+ (networking fundamentals)   operating systems (xp, vista and windows 7, windiws 8, windows10)  network operating system (server []  dhcp server configuration on windows 2003 server 2008 server  working knowledge of different raid levels (raid 0 and raid 1)  ccna \"router configuration with required protocol and manageable switch configuration.  redhat (redhat enterprises linux 6.2)  working knowledge of ssh, telnet.  vista supporting software.  managing virtualized nodes and non - virtualized nodes.  knowledge of networking, using t568b standard.  throughput testing hardware and network points.", "work-experience": {"company": "allied digital services ltd - hubli, karnataka", "job-description": "project: state bank of india branches hardware and network management. period: 9th november 2009 to 1st august 2013  responsibilities:  maintenance of computer system and peripherals.  installing and configuring, windows 98/xp professional, windows-7 & vista, windows -8.  configuring outlook.  installing and configuring required software's, ms office, winrar, pdf and others.  managing switches with zero error.   installing and configuring networking os, windows server -2003 windows server 2008, 2012.  creating / maintain user and groups accounts.  updating anti virus, service pack's.  configuring network printers.  configuration maintenance networking with t568b standard. . managing cctv dvr (16 cameras)   troubleshooting & configuring lan and wan.  configuring and maintenance laser jet printers, dot metric and passbook printer, line printers.  creating basic disk and dynamic disk.  installing oracle with minimum support.  working for: ( present) cinepolis india pvt ltd, hubli, role: it associate (system administrator) period: 5th august 2013 to till.", "job title": "customer support engineer", "job-duration": "november 2009 to august 2013"}, "location": "hubli, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "karnataka pre-university board && bangalore university bangalore, karnataka", "school-duration": "march 2012 && none", "qualification": "bachelor of commerce in commerce && none"}, "resume-summary": "interested utilizing my skills in troubleshooting and a passion for resolving complex problems. to build a long-term career in your profession with opportunities for career growth."}, {"candidateid": "86", "skills": "ms excel - vlookup, pivot table, macros, reemove duplicates, subtotal (1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationcomputer knowledge  troubleshooting all windows xp/7/8 os and clean install, ms - office, html, solving system issues through remote desktop  skills:  creating user accounts, enabling or disabling users, users access issues, adding / updating profiles & working on reports and data cleaning.  customer relationship management (crm) - salesforce admin crm and other crm.  chatter, mobile support, setup page - personal setup, application setup and administration setup  creating accounts, account plan, opportunities, leads, contacts and events in sales force.  use data loader to create mapping files and upsert data, running batch processes for mass creation/insert or update through apex data loader.  sales cloud and service cloud.  worked on data quality, account hierarchies, user management, merge accounts, ssr, contacts.  providing salesforce chatter access.  data range assignment rules, exact match assignment rules, sgc integration, responder lookups.  creating/modifying/updating reports and dashboards.  ability to take up responsibility and work with team.  interested in updating knowledge and implementing ideas.  job responsibility  responsible in effective interaction with customer's,  responsible to reply to official mails,  client interaction.  designed the all our prospectus & single sheets, maps.  knowledge in excel vlookup, pivot table and reports.  system formatting & installing work.  very flexible for all works & quick grasping power.", "work-experience": {"company": "convergys - convergys india", "job-description": "for 2 years (us non-voice process) 2. worked as technical support representative (it support us non-voice process) in hinduja global solutions (hgs) for 16 months. 3. working as salesforce administrator in convergys pvt. ltd from 30 months.", "job title": "salesforce administrator", "job-duration": "september 2014 to present"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "vinayaka university && board of technical education && board of secondary", "school-duration": "none && none && none", "qualification": "bachelor of computer application in computer application && diploma in computer science && s.s.l.c in education"}, "resume-summary": "i will provide the services in my long life. to work in a challenging environment that provides me ample opportunities and aid me in a professional, personal development besides establishing an outstanding career for my personal advancement."}, {"candidateid": "87", "skills": "active directory (less than 1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationskill set matrix  technology/product experience microsoft infrastructure product: windows [] active directory, dns, wins, dhcp etc. implementer, maintainer  security/antivirus product: trend micro ver 12 implementer and maintainer symantec endpoint protection ver 11 implementer and maintainer mcafee 8.0 implementer and maintainer -  tools and utilities: vnc implementer and maintainer - teamviewer implementer and maintainer ca spectrum implementer and maintainer remote desktop hp servers (monotring) implementer and maintainer soft skill: team building adopted in all project leadership skill:   leading and motivating the team to work towards the target.  monitoring the team and ensure the best performance  coordinating with the management and other resources to deliver quality service  to ensure the service level agreement (sla) fulfillment  played a major role in customer satisfaction survey  planning and organizing the various process activities  implementing the existing process to meet great success & to achieve the goal.", "work-experience": {"company": "vayam technologies limited - chandigarh, chandigarh && ind-swift ltd - baddi, himachal pradesh", "job-description": "system administrator under cctns project, chandigarh. && job description: administrating & maintaining microsoft network using windows 2003/2008 servers (deployment, production, updations, vulnerabilty report, application, backup)  all type server; san storege ; load balencer and data centor monotring and mantence and firmware updation.  responsibility:  windows 2003/2008 server administration  implemented trust relationship in multiple domain environments.  active directory configuring and administrating for multi site environment  dns and dhcp infrastructure  cisco router configration and monitoring..  installation / configuration of windows 2003, 2008 server and workstations.  network troubleshooting over tcp/ip.  diagnose and monitor the performance of network in windows 2003 & 2008servers  troubleshooting, identifying, isolating and repairing network related problems  installing necessary software's and utilities for the end user.  installation and configuration of ads / group policy  terminal services  print servers administration  backup and recovery  antivirus management (symantec and macafee)  ms-patch and software management  logs and services monitoring  handling team members  risk management in work environment by managing it security incidents.  hp all type server, storage support, management and monitoring.  non it skills:  knowledge of complete power connectivity from raw power to dc equipment.  monitoring of pacs, ups and battery bank of ups, temperature of server room and checking of ups logs in case of any fault.  check for the data centre floor alignment, vibration etc.  direct interaction to the customers, various vendors and ability to co-ordinate with customers and all vendors.  management reporting: daily / weekly / monthly reports (manual reports - presentation with spreadsheet details) - to be prepared based on processes (example - change, problem, incident management reports)  notable contributions:  received various appreciations for good work and performance.", "job title": "system administrator && executive (it)", "job-duration": "april 2016 to present && january 2013 to march 2016"}, "location": "panchkula, haryana", "education": {"institute": "punjab university regional center muktsar, punjab", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "master of computer application in computer application"}, "resume-summary": " overall around 3 years of total experience in hardware and networking environment involving windows server and clients, network security in setting up and managing large and local area network.  hp server;storege warnty support. data centor monotring.  windows with a wide range of administration skills.  a background of 24x7 mission-critical environments, full change control process, systems monitoring, and performance analysis.  an excellent communicator with dexterity in delivering high value-added services to institutional clients."}, {"candidateid": "88", "skills": "excellent knowlege and experience in electronic funds transfers, salary processing and standing instruction order processing. also experienced in international customer service for banking and logistics(exports and imports) also good knowlege in sap fi-co. (6 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "convergys india pvt. ltd. - bangalore, karnataka && maersk global service centres && tcs e- serve ltd - chennai, tamil nadu", "job-description": " scheduling and booking shipments to ensure smooth and timely delivery of filers.  service contract administration and supply chain management process.  support site administration and creating new ids for customers & site and in sap.  handling customer queries relating to purchase of new products, service contract renewals and complaints.  sending mis reports (productivity, quality and performance) to the manager and key client managers.  sending invoices to customers through sap. && 1. designation : senior associate  front office administrator company name : maersk global service centres india pvt ltd.  period : mar 2012 to july 2013. job profile:-  export, documentation and import activities for east africa.  submitting import customs manifest and discharge lists to port authorities.  dispute management in sap fi-co(finance and supply chain management- fscm)  kaizen process improvement idea generation.  migrating and implementing the new process and training the team members.  handling queries related to finance and accounts for container business and invoices.  issuing bill of lading to customers  issuing delivery orders  issuing haulage instructions and arrival notice to customers.  assisting my manager in virtual factory board maintenance && 2. designation : process associate  banking operations company name : tcs e- serve ltd.  period : apr 2009 to dec 2011. job profile:-  electronic & manual funds transfers (eft and mift).  standing orders instructions processing (si).  salary processing for gold customers (ibm, nokia, seven seas, p&g...etc.)  signature verification and cheques clearing.  anti money laundering checks.  call back and kyc for new and existing customer.  exchange rate/e-forex deal updating on a daily basis.  handling queries through swift/telex and cbol  reconciliation of suspense a/c and nostro accounts on daily basis.  sending listing to the central bank of uae on daily basis.  demand draft processing  fund transfer for nri customers.  sending weekly/monthly proofing reports for various suspense and sundry accounts.", "job title": "customer support officer level ii && senior associate && associate", "job-duration": "december 2014 to october 2016 && march 2012 to july 2013 && april 2009 to december 2011"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "srm easwari engineering college, chennai chennai, tamil nadu && salem sowdeswari college salem, tamil nadu && govt. hr sec school jari kondalampatti salem, tamil nadu", "school-duration": "july 2006 to july 2008 && 2003 to 2006 && 2001 to 2003", "qualification": "mba in finance && b.com., in commerce & csc && hsc in commercr and computer science"}, "resume-summary": "to work in a reputed company and to utilize my knowledge and experience in a globally competitive environment which will give me job satisfaction and paced professional growth."}, {"candidateid": "89", "skills": "customer relation admin (2 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationcustomer relation executive , customer relation manager administration , admin, fundamentals of computer & information tech. operation system. windows, linux , dos computer in office. word, excel , power point, out look. tally. communication skill & personality development. introduction to web & tech", "work-experience": {"company": "royal montessori pre - school && mercedes benz - raipur, chhattisgarh", "job-description": "to manage the school's admin office and provide an efficient and confidential secretarial service to the head teacher, ensuring efficient administrative and financial systems are established and maintained.   manage day-to-day activities assigned.  arrangements for all school functions and society meetings.  overall supervision of boarding houses, academic buildings, gardens and grounds and office.  handle all matters of show cause notices, charge sheets, enquiries etc.  supervise the cleanliness in the school.  supervision on school property and on admission procedures.  provide administrative support to an academic team of lecturers, tutors or teachers. && managed high net worth clients with after sales service. supervised order management, customer relations. monitored inventory levels to ensure on-time delivery of services. provided team leadership to accomplish department goals and monitor work flow.   proactive customer service, serving as a liaison between technicians and clients.  excellent telephone presence for appointments and effective interpersonal skills.  ability to grasp thorough understanding of product features to better serve customers.  experienced in supervision and timely reports to management, using ms word, excel, outlook, and crm automotive information system.", "job title": "administrator && priority relationship executive (after sales)", "job-duration": "january 2015 to march 2016 && january 2014 to november 2014"}, "location": "raipur, chhattisgarh", "education": {"institute": "sndt women college mumbai, maharashtra", "school-duration": "may 2013 to november 2016", "qualification": "b.a in arts"}, "resume-summary": "articulate, results-oriented customer service professional. excellent communication and problem-solving skills. self-directed, team player. dedicated to achieving customer satisfaction as well as meeting or surpassing company expectations. able to focus on project, develop strategies and meet or exceed deadlines. strong rapport with personnel, customers, and associates based on knowledge, professionalism, integrity. computer proficiency on windows platforms includes microsoft word, excel, outlook express, powerpoint, internet communications.  improved customer satisfaction and services delivery during client acquisition which resulted in 70% increase in sales.  an unwavering commitment to providing exceptional customer service, with the ability to build productive relationships, resolve complex issues and win customer loyalty.  outstanding problem solving and active listening skills - able to diffuse difficult customer situations with tact and ease, achieving winning outcomes for both the customer and company."}, {"candidateid": "90", "skills": "rhce (2 years), nfs (2 years), active directory (1 year), troubleshooting (1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills  operating system - redhat linux, centos, ubuntu system administration - linux, windows monitoring tool - zabbix package management - rpm & yum tools databases - mysql storage - lvm, raid", "work-experience": {"company": "webmindz - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": "experience in detail  employer webmindz duration jan 2014 - sep 2016 role system administrator responsibility linux   installation, configuration, maintenance and administration of red hat enterprise linux 5/6.  mounting, un-mounting, partitioning and creating new file systems.  scheduled jobs using cron utility.  created user accounts and assigns the user privileges using sudo utility.  performed security patches up-gradation using red hat satellite network.  performed kernel upgrades and configuration.  configured network services like dns, dhcp, ssh, ntp.  configured file sharing services like nfs, vsftp.  cross platform file sharing by samba server configuration  configured lvm (extending, shrink) and grub modification, kernel update and string processing.  lvm migration from server to server  performing file system backups and restores.  configuring and managing swap space.  created lun using emc console and performed host level mapping.  upgrade bios firmware, kernel  coordinating with multiple teams, vendors & customer driving towards resolution.  hardening, security, vulnerability assessment of servers  bash script alert for monitoring os and application services.  handling all production deployments and patches over all environment of linux/unix servers  good hands of experience of working in with ldap, web servers, and send mail.  good hands of experience in selinux & linux firewall.  creating, installing, configuring and maintain the virtual machines.  creating and maintaining user accounts, profiles, security, disk space, and process monitoring  basic network administration  control the clients using squid proxy server to access the internet.  scan emc luns and mount it to linux box  windows  os installation: win xp, win 7 & win 8  assembling, hardware up-gradation, troubleshooting  configure printer sharing and file sharing from server to user systems  basic networking, map drive, data sharing  remote desktop connection  help desk management and support  installing and troubleshooting local and network printer  creating and managing user accounts in ad  day-to-day management of domain controllers  manage group policy at root of domain and domain controllers ou  environment  rhel 5, rhel 6, ubuntu and emc storage", "job title": "system administrator", "job-duration": "january 2014 to september 2016"}, "location": "villupuram, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "ifet college of engg, anna university", "school-duration": "may 2012", "qualification": "bachelor in computer science & engineering"}, "resume-summary": " 2+ years' experience in it industry relevant to linux/windows server administration  hands on experience on dell servers  worked on redhat linux 5 & 6, centos, ubuntu  worked on windows administration, active directory  worked on firewall configurations  worked on mysql database"}, {"candidateid": "91", "skills": "mcsa, ccna (2 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationskills   proficient in windows server 2008, 2008 r2, 2012 and 2012 r2.  certified on mcse, ccna and hardware and networking.  cloud services.  other activates   participated in chess & cricket competition.", "work-experience": {"company": "resource integration solutions enterprise - visakhapatnam, andhra pradesh", "job-description": "over all 2 years of experience. currently working with an information technology and services.  experienced in managing system administration, networking and hardware management & maintenance in the organization.  experienced in cloud services like rackspace and azure services.  experienced in nas (network attached storage) devices. company profile resource integration solutions enterprise inc. (rise), a dallas, texas based company with global focus on demand applications, cloud computing, data management and services providing solution for an integrated enterprise. rise has a network of offices and development centers across the us and india. it ensures that we deliver complete solutions that help you to build customer loyalty through increased levels of service and improved quality of outputs. job profile  windows client operating systems windows7, windows 8 and windows 10.  servers operating systems: windows 2000, windows 2003, windows 2008 and 2012 r2.  worked on windows server 2012 r2 active directory and group policy objects.  cloud hosting (web sites) maintenance and backup monitoring in cloud.  ftp client and servers maintenance.  software and hardware troubleshooting.  servers downtime maintenance and daily backups monitoring.  internal ticket process system monitoring and assigning tickets to appropriate support teams.  nas storage devices maintenance.  switches, routers and wi-fi devices configuration and troubleshooting.  lan/wan maintenance, vpn (virtual private network) and rdc (remote desktop connection)  worked on microsoft in tune end protection antivirus for client machines.   operating system (os) installation and drivers updating, upgrading patch levels and license maintenance.  worked on google products like (drive storage allocating, users email creation, domain creation, renewals, user administration, api's)  maintain all required documentation including standards, configurations and diagrams  experienced on ms office suite (2007, 2010 and 2013): ms-excel, word, outlook configuration, powerpoint, and visio.  office 365 configuration.  voip (voice over internet protocol) handling.  printer configuration and installations.", "job title": "desktop support engineer,system administrator,", "job-duration": "august 2014 to present"}, "location": "visakhapatnam, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "jntu kakinada university kakinada, andhra pradesh && board of intermediate education && board of secondary education", "school-duration": "may 2014 && march 2010 && march 2008", "qualification": "b.tech && s.s.c. && none"}, "resume-summary": "to obtain a challenging and rewarding position in system and network administration with an organization this recognizes my true potential and provides me sufficient avenues for professional growth through nurturing my technical skills and competencies."}]