[{"candidateid": "92", "skills": "people oriented and excellent verbal and written communication skills. (4 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "aegis ltd - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": "none", "job title": "customer support specialist", "job-duration": "august 2013 to november 2016"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "bangalore university", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "b.com"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "93", "skills": "microsoft office (4 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationlooking for customer support profile (inbound or outbound ) - voice process .  interested for both domestic and international process", "work-experience": {"company": "lenskart.com - faridabad, haryana && mnr solutions", "job-description": "1. handling inbound process (voice process) or b2c for lenskart 2. handling all the escalations, taking care of outbound process whenever required. 3. efficient dealing of complaints and full information about products and services of lenskart to completion and enabling satisfaction of customer. && none", "job title": "customer support specialist && coordinator", "job-duration": "july 2016 to present && october 2010 to december 2011"}, "location": "faridabad, haryana", "education": {"institute": "mdu", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "bba"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "94", "skills": "operation management, supply chain management client and partner service delivery management, vendor management (6 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "cisco systems - bangalore, karnataka && infosys bpo ltd", "job-description": " designation: customer & partner experience specialist (randstad contract) job profile:  co-ordinate with customer, partners, sales team to meet commit and back office team to resolve issues in order and manufacturing and logistics team to expedite & fast shipment and work with carriers (e.g. dhl/expeditors) to deliver goods without any damage/delay.  work with order submission and technical team on b2b rejections. training customer on ccw order submission and case management via crm.  co-ordinate with escalation team (sdem) to avoid customer satisfaction issue, partner and asset recovery team on trade-in & damaged goods, collection team to assign credit to sales team & resolve invoice disputes to issue credit/debit memo.  working on forecast deals and opportunities and monitoring the orders very closely to avoid de booking. to deliver excellent e2e support to customer to maintain good relationship.  i have experience in partners/customer/disti support to telstra, spark, at&t, verizon, vocus, optus, vodafone, nbn and orange. && job profile:  co-ordinated with customers as well as xsrm and cross-functional teams to resolve different booking issues with in commit sla.  deal with customers/ account managers/customer service specialist's on daily basis to resolve ordering issues, escalations, expedites customer's specific requirements and process improvements via emails and messenger tool.  mentor the team, driving the team in healthy environment to avoid negative impact on sox and to achieve csat  handle calls with client/customer to resolve extremely urgent issues.", "job title": "customer and partner experience specialist && senior process executive", "job-duration": "august 2014 to present && july 2010 to june 2014"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "govt degree college, andhra university && santhi niketan junior college && scholars public school && indian institute of management and research technology bangalore, karnataka", "school-duration": "2010 && 2007 && 2005 && none", "qualification": "b.s.c in microbiology && class xii && class x && mba - pursuing in supply chain management"}, "resume-summary": "i have distinguished career of 6+ years in leadership roles with insightful exposure to knowledge of sales operations, partner operations - order management, transitions & transformation, customer relationship management, client interaction & satisfaction, service delivery, supply chain management & process developments.  willing to take challenges, good grasping power, bound to the values."}, {"candidateid": "95", "skills": "ms office, out sourcing, social media, customer service, technical support (8 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "intuit india software && ibm gps && convergys india pvt ltd", "job-description": " working as technical support tier 2 for accountants and smb.  proficient in supporting software issues on live community forum and specializes in troubleshooting cloud based software.  providing the extensive training to paid customers.  providing support on quickbooks online software on android and ios.  resolve customer issues in a clear, courteous and straightforward manner.  identify and solve technical issues with a variety of diagnostic tools.  answer telephone calls promptly and minimize delays that could lead to abandoned calls.  managed customers' expectations and experience to a high degree of customer satisfaction. &&  providing coaching and managing newly joined team member's and handling the escalation calls.  handling supervisory calls for team members.  attending the weekly calibration calls with uk clients.  addressed and resolved customer product complaints empathetically and professionally.  gathered and verified all required customer information for tracking purposes.  defused volatile customer situations calmly and courteously.  accurately documented, researched and resolved customer service issues.  resolved service, pricing and technical problems for customers by asking clear and specific questions.  managed high call volume with tact and professionalism. &&  effectively managed a high-volume of inbound customer calls.  identified chronic customer issues by creating and maintaining customer complaint log.  referred unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further investigation.  resolved service, pricing and technical problems for customers by asking clear and specific questions.", "job title": "service & support specialist && sr. technical support officer && customer service representative", "job-duration": "february 2014 to april 2016 && february 2010 to december 2013 && june 2006 to september 2009"}, "location": "new delhi, delhi", "education": {"institute": "chitransh a.d. college", "school-duration": "2001", "qualification": "bachelor of science"}, "resume-summary": " team player who is flexible, reliable and adaptable to dynamic environments.  analytical thinker effective at technical support and reporting.  providing the extensive training to paid customers.  proficient in supporting software issues on live community forum and specializes in troubleshooting cloud based software.  energetic with strong time management skills who thrives in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.  dedicated customer service representative who provides exceptional customer service through active listening and problem solving."}, {"candidateid": "96", "skills": "pmo , german , spanish, advanced excel", "additional-info": "additional informationarea of expertise   project planning & coordination  operations  translation  insurance  contract management  sourcing &procurement  customer service  shipping & logistic  offshore transition  banking", "work-experience": {"company": "infosys && maersk global service center pvt. ltd && wns", "job-description": "work profile  working with switzerland client as a pmo on sap project. working as a project manager in all project management infosys applications. performing end-to-end responsibility of project management.  opportunity & milestone management (infy ciara & deal pricing system): working on deals, analyzing on margins to derive the profitability (pat/pbt) of the projects. statement of work (sow) and change request (cr) management and follow-up with client.sow creation and sign offs and creating new cr for change in location. update positive and negative cr in system  order management system: master project code creation, child project code creation  talent management system: create demand id as per skill sets and getting demand fulfilled from talent manager as per project requirement. demand tracking etc.  ecms (external consultant management system): performing end to end activity for subcons (sub contractual resources) management. expense and claims handlings.  project staffing/resource management: allocation and de allocation of resources, addition of skills to project codes. handling on & off boarding process as per the checklist to ensure all are completed and documented to create citrix id  project revenue estimation and forecast (project budgeting system & best estimates): perform project budgeting twice in a month and get it approved from delivery manager. share revenue amount to non-project units on the basis of duration and skills on fp and ctm projects.  project invoicing: milestone billing for fp projects, effort billing for tm projects, unit of work billing for ctm projects, invoice generation  integrated project management (ipm+) and promt quality tools: project creation, project mergers, dart activity management, generation of milestone and metric reports. update project metrics analysis using statistical techniques. reviewing documentation for accuracy and thoroughness. measure and track non-compliance thereby strengthening it risk management. verify correctness and accuracy of process artifacts. update project milestones like pm plan, cm plan. reports management (itsm and remedy): lead initiative to augment the customer's understanding of the importance of applying metrics reporting and architect a reporting solution (develop kpis, design dashboards, reports and queries for daily, weekly, monthly feedback) to monitor performance and measure key program criteria. consolidating & submitting the dart (timesheets) report, preparing risk analysis report, financial status report and compliance reporting's. maintaining report of amount utilization of p.o's.maintaining resource allocation reports (onsite/offshore, utilization, and movements)  sharepoint: updating all sow and cr (draft and signed copy) on share point, update billing summary, revenue report and financial status report every month.  project document management: reviewing sow's (statement of work), monitoring and controlling cr approval and documenting, maintaining amount utilization of sow/cr's on project level. working with the csg team for contract extension and helping them for drafting contracts/service agreements/sows/crs and maintain a repository. reviewing off-boarding & on-boarding documents.  other administration / pmo support tasks: handling event management and client visits for the project && work profile:  nominated as spoc for brazil, car (costa rica, panama) region.  ensure deliverables (reports & dashboard) are prepared on weekly and monthly basis for client as well as for project manager.  offshore transition of south american shipping business to global services centers  monthly team performance presentation, escalation handling.  establish project scope with customer and coordinate to ensure on-time delivery.  plan and schedule project deliverables, goals, and milestones.  efficiently identifies and solves project issues.  design and maintain project documentation  provided guidance and mentoring to peers as needed.  process any project closure through governance process with updated documentation review and sign off.  timely issuance of po to vendors, processing of invoices for ensuring timely release of vendor's payments along with their proper tracking versus purchase order issued leading to the closure of the same through sap.  generated many reports like vendor's statement, gr report, ir report monitoring through bw in sap.  conversant with tracking routine logistic transactions.  kaizen belt project (improvement in repeat business) && work profile:  processing and identification of various insurance documents for third party and policy holder party through rtm, claim flow and citrix tool.  updating record of policy holder in rtm system.  solving policy holder query queries.  interacting with client directly through scheduled daily / weekly business conversation (email)  dashboard report, daily task report.  strong organizational, presentation, and customer service skills  performing quality checks for team members.  troubleshooter for process queries.  achievements   brainstorming award from wns.  certificated for white-belt from maersk line  6 kaizen awards from maersk line  certificated for yellow-belt from infosys.  ramp award for best performer from infosys.  spot award for best support for project from infosys.  two extra miler award for project support from infosys.  i-star award for best performer from infosys.  certification of project management (infosys)", "job title": "technology support specialist && process expert && senior associate", "job-duration": "september 2013 to present && april 2010 to september 2013 && june 2008 to april 2010"}, "location": "pune, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "pune university pune, maharashtra", "school-duration": "june 2005 to june 2008", "qualification": "bcs in computer science"}, "resume-summary": "currently working with infosys with overall 8+ years of professional experience in procurement, insurance, logistic, banking, and pharmacy outsourcing industry. efficiently and effectively capable of handling project management activities and supporting project managers and group project managers in project related activities   self-motivated, hardworking and goal-oriented with a high degree of flexibility, creativity, resourcefulness, commitment and optimism  result oriented individual with strong analytical and interpersonal skills and a quick learner with high levels of adaptability and ability to take initiative.  have team handling and client interfacing skills."}, {"candidateid": "97", "skills": "sap, oracle, visual basic, ms office (10+ years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "nestle oman trading llc - muscat, oman && agility logistics - muscat, oman", "job-description": " updating daily sales reports by channel.  organize with sales team for promo activities and creating the monthly planning in the system.  coordinate with the management team for day to day reporting  updating the monthly forecast details.  maintaining mancom, msr &mcr data for sales channel team.  planning trade deals and maintaining the records on the same.  handled credit limit management for the level of customers.  support the gbm for his meeting arrangements and day to day activities. p2p- procurement to pay:  super user in p2p  maintaining the procurement invoices on daily basis and updating in system for billing.  support team in resolving complaints- assist team on flow improvement and lead time efficiency  maintain all related records and reports on procurement.  assist with research and acquiring information as requested for bids and/or proposals on p2p supply chain:  oman super user in supply chain  detailed knowledge of sales processes from customer service (supply chain) perspective. work experience includes distribution functions, cross-plant distribution, atp across plants and delivery procedures.  sales/distribution sd tested pricing procedures, availability checking, credit management, sales quotes, printing of sales orders.  improved service levels cfr (case fill rates) from 70- 98 %  invoice verification. &&  sap- cs super user (oman )   sales order processing (using sap) for all depots.  monitor all invoiced orders closely and close the orders with relevant codes.  handling of complaints and solving them independently.  trained and advised team members on sap functionality.  inter warehouse transfer to different location in oman.  coordinating with the 3rd party for daily issues regarding deliveries etc.  preparing credit notes and cgrf  analyze the stocks in the warehouse.  preparing out of stock report  maintaining the reports for daily stock status and near expiry stock", "job title": "sales support specialist && customer service executive", "job-duration": "october 2011 to march 2015 && august 2006 to september 2011"}, "location": "thanjavur, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "alagappa university thanjavur, tamil nadu && periyar polytechnic thanjavur, tamil nadu", "school-duration": "none && none", "qualification": "bca in computers && diploma in computer technology in computers"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "98", "skills": "ms-office 2003, 2007, 2010, 2013 and open office (5 years), lotus notes installation and configuration. (5 years), office365 installation and configuration. (1 year), shawman pos gold (1 year), opera and opera vision (1 year), fcs (1 year), ccm (1 year), orion (1 year), atempo (backup solution) (1 year), wsus (1 year), symantec endpoint protection (4 years), biometric attendance machine (1 year), microsoft windows 2000, 2003 & 2008 server (1 year), microsoft windows xp, vista, win7 (5 years), microsoft windows win8, win10 & mac. (1 year), managing users, groups, computers, files and folders access permission, active directory, printer (5 years), thin client, computing (l230, l300, x550). (4 years), lan/wan/man configuration: leased line, vpn configuration (5 years), configuration file maintenance: backup, restore & upgrade (5 years), troubleshooting of all laptops (5 years), troubleshooting of all printers (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationareas of expertise it networking  it operations management  technical support  policy formulation", "work-experience": {"company": "cms it services pvt. ltd. deputed at taj umaid bhawan palace, jodhpur. - jodhpur, rajasthan && working as a desktop support engineer- impact infotect pvt. ltd. deputed at hdfc standard life insurance company ltd, jodhpur & also managing pali, balotra, ajmer, kota, makrana & sriganganagar branches. - jodhpur, rajasthan && c&t force at jodhpur - jodhpur, rajasthan", "job-description": " setting up and managing the it infrastructure & operations of the hotel, according to set policies and guidelines, including hardware  servers, pcs, network switches, routers, modems, firewalls, etc.  software  hotel applications, other applications such as, interactive entertainment, electronic signage. communication (voice & data).  liaise with corporate it, projects department and vendors for the successful implementation of new systems in the hotel.  managing daily it systems jobs such as support to users on application, backup, data management, data analysis, preventive maintenance, maintaining logs etc.  coordination with hardware, application and other vendors to ensure system uptimes.  monitoring customer calls through ccm.net.  managing the store inventory & spare inventory on monthly basic.  database administration as per the corporate policies and procedures. &&  maintaining and troubleshooting more than 300 machines. hardware, networking and software related all issues on site or via remote access.  providing support to internal users & employees of company.  managing sla more than 98% compliance (service level agreement).  coordinating several services like customer support, support application and installations.  asset management through online.  monitoring customer calls through e-helpline.  handling the responsibilities and tasks all over the state.  dealing with project management and customer care internal request.  managing the store inventory & spare inventory on monthly basic. &&  speedy resolution of the day to day issues pertaining to business applications, hardware and communications and in room technologies.  preventative maintenance of all hardware & network audit at regular intervals and also entering into amcs as appropriate.  manage and monitor user access rights and e-mail ids.  installation/fault repair of lan, wan and wi-fi network.   interacting and working with various isp technical team for the successful running of the leased lines, adsl, wi-fi network and being part of the team implementing changes to the set-up.   my role included installation and configurations of computer hardware and peripherals like printers, modems, network cards, hubs etc. and troubleshooting of internet, lan, pcs and wi-fi networks.  participated in problem solving teams for product specific problems and development.  isolated hardware and software problems via telephone interface with customers and escalated findings to appropriate field personnel to rectify problem.", "job title": "customer support engineer && desktop support engineer && system support engineer", "job-duration": "february 2016 to present && october 2012 to february 2016 && october 2011 to september 2012"}, "location": "jodhpur, rajasthan", "education": {"institute": "jai narayan vyas university jodhpur jodhpur, rajasthan && jai narayan vyas university jodhpur jodhpur, rajasthan", "school-duration": "july 2012 to august 2013 && august 2008 to october 2011", "qualification": "ma in public administration && ba in arts"}, "resume-summary": "to associate and contribute my skills and experience for the growth of the company and willing to grow with knowledge as a it executive/manager."}, {"candidateid": "99", "skills": "building team work / microsoft office / pps (7 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "sutherland global services", "job-description": "2 support.  period: february 2012 - may 2013  client: intuit ( usa)  client profile: intuit, is the inventor of the financial software's like quickbooks, quicken and turbotax, which takes care of the various financial activities of us business people.   process overview & responsibilities   customer service in providing resolution to the customer's queries for the quick books software.  taking care of small business customer service queries like order status, placing orders.  updating account information and up selling ( in bound)  deliver world class customer service and build customer satisfaction and loyalty.  directly communicate with us clients in case of any clarifications needed from the customers.  maintain strict compliance to call handling procedure and script.  assist new agents based on the \"process\" to get optimized with \"excellent quality\"  follow-up done for non-online resolution.  report to our clients with emerging issues.  organization: sutherland global services  designation: sr. specialist - training ( voice & accent)  period: may 2013 - till date 2015  client: dell ( usa)  client profile: dell, dell tech concierge sales process activities of us people.   process overview & responsibilities   take up voice & accent training for the new batch for dell process.  screening for new batches.  auditing & coaching for the production floor associates.  refresher training given based on the process to the associates.  train the associates based on the client requirements.  prepare ppt ( communication) for the process when training required.  salary drawn: 25, 000/-  salary expected: negotiable date of joining: to serve 30days notice period.", "job title": "senior customer support executive ( qbc core) - level", "job-duration": "february 2012 to may 2013"}, "location": "chitlapakkam, tamil nadu, in", "education": {"institute": "loreto day school kolkata, west bengal", "school-duration": "1993", "qualification": "none"}, "resume-summary": "seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the industry that offers professional and growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible."}, {"candidateid": "100", "skills": "ms office, communication skill (2 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationareas of expertise career highlights * tse * business communications and marketing * trainer   blackberry certified in airtel and data services  received appreciations from the senior authorities and clients for excellent prospect and performance  also worked for b2b process for 6 months  work for sekhri academy as a pte trainer and computer trainer for 6 months  technical skills   application software - ms word, excel, powerpoint  operating systems - windows 95, 98, 2000, xp, 2007, 2010.  hardware & internet applications - gprs (handset & pc connectivity) with troubleshooting", "work-experience": {"company": "kochartech - amritsar", "job-description": "* kochar info-tech pvt ltd. specialist training - blackberry service (reporting to assistant manger ops)  * present institute i was associated with is sekhri academy.  1. technical support executive - (reporting to team leader - contact centre):  key deliverables:   attended on the calls, handled the customers and resolved their queries  spread awareness regarding the product to the customers  ensured customer satisfaction  resolve the customer's problem related with gprs and data card connectivity on call  2. b2b process  key deliverables:   handling the domestic b2b marketing  market research  deals with b2b business generation primarily from the telecom operators  responsible for generating business in the area of mobility solution like m2m, dm, know-max, learn-max etc.  responsible for marketing of application alliances through gizmo control  3. trainer and computer: -  key deliverables   need to trained the trainees for the pte classes  also help the trainees to improve with their vocabulary and grammatical mistakes", "job title": "product specialist and technical support executive", "job-duration": "none"}, "location": "amritsar, punjab", "education": {"institute": "bbk dav college", "school-duration": "2014", "qualification": "bca"}, "resume-summary": " possessing valuable insights, keen analysis and team approach to implement best practices to achieve business excellence  adept at working in high pressure environments with strict deadlines and multiple deliverables  superior communications and interpersonal skills, multitasking with an ability to interact with a wide range of people"}, {"candidateid": "101", "skills": "good communiccations & software skills, multitasking process (7 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationsearching for a immediate permanent job suits to my profile.", "work-experience": {"company": "just dial ltd - chennai, tamil nadu && just dial ltd - chennai, tamil nadu && yess0 bpo - chennai, tamil nadu && yesso bpo pvt ltd - chennai, tamil nadu && allsec technologies - chennai, tamil nadu && computer hardware && firstsourcesolutions - tiruchchirappalli, tamil nadu", "job-description": " identified and evaluated opportunities improving the process and customer experience  assisted the sales team for incoming requests for new services  analyzed customer needs and made arrangements adhering to company policies  handled escalated and upset calls, maintained and updated the outbound call reports  managed to keep records of customer interactions, transactions, complaints, comments as well as actions taken, process orders, forms and applications for online shopping && with aggregate of 65% &&  communicating with clients about new information on new products or services.  generating leads and business opportunities.  analyzed customer needs and made arrangements adhering to company policies && with aggregate of 57%  declaration i hereby certify that above information is true to the best of my knowledge and i bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars.  place: trichy &&  managed to keep records of customer interactions, transactions, complaints, comments as well as actions taken, process orders, forms and applications  answered calls professionally providing complete information about products, take/order cancels or obtain details about complaints anziyantechnologiespvt.ltd trichy, tn &&  maintenance and installations of all hardware components of pc systems.  installing, configuring and troubleshooting of computer hardware, printers, local area network at customer places  installations of operating systems like xp and application like ms-office, fedaro.  maintaining active directory objects (users, groups, computers)  handling the ibm, compaq, hp desktops and dell laptops &&  handled customer interactions  handled incoming questions from the clients  resolved issues from guests reviews and took appropriate actions accordingly", "job title": "senior customer support executive && senior customer support executive && tele-sales executive && tele marketing executive && customer service executive && system service engineer && customer service executive", "job-duration": "july 2012 to november 2016 && july 2012 to november 2016 && october 2011 to june 2012 && october 2011 to june 2012 && april 2011 to october 2011 && february 2010 to september 2010 && february 2009 to august 2009"}, "location": "tiruchchirappalli, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "pavendarbharathidasan college of engineering and technology tiruchchirappalli, tamil nadu", "school-duration": "2008", "qualification": "b.e. in electrical & electronics"}, "resume-summary": " high-energy, diplomatic customer service specialist with 5+ years' track record of meeting and exceeding sales and customer care objectives.  adept at analyzing and resolving customer concerns using established procedures, examining pertinent information to determine validity of customer complaint and to determine responsibility for errors and resolution, throughout the order process.  gained extensive knowledge of industry products and services in a small period of time. verified achiever of performance benchmarks in all areas."}, {"candidateid": "102", "skills": "management (1 year)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "aon - noida, uttar pradesh && jammu and kashmir bank - srinagar, jammu and kashmir && iice computers", "job-description": "i have worked with as apart of web chat support team. my job was to provide the health and welfare customer assistance to the employees of american telegraph and telecommunications. && none && none", "job title": "customer service specialist && finance trainee && computer operator", "job-duration": "august 2016 to january 2017 && july 2014 to august 2014 && 2009 to 2010"}, "location": "srinagar, jammu and kashmir", "education": {"institute": "university of south wales cardiff && university of kashmir srinagar, jammu and kashmir", "school-duration": "2015 to 2017 && 2012 to 2015", "qualification": "mba in business administration && bba in business administration"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "103", "skills": "desktop support (5 years), training (3 years), operations management (5 years), incident management (5 years), system engineer (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional information1. operating systems: windows 8, windows 7, windows server 2008, windows server 2003, windows xp 2. technologies: symantec end-point protection (sep), sep manager, sccm. 3. tools: servicenow, tanium, bigifx  soft skills  willingness to relocate and to work in shifts  flexibility and adaptability  [anand pilkhwal]", "work-experience": {"company": "hcl technologies - noida, uttar pradesh && wipro technologies pune - pune, maharashtra", "job-description": "symantec end-point protection administrator    testing of new release anti-virus definitions in test environment and deploying the same to production.  keeping the anti-virus agent (database, sepm and sep) updated to latest version.  managing sep infrastructure for the process as per defined engineering standards.  creating centralized exceptions as per the requirement in sep manager console (sepm).  modifying and editing policies in sepm as and when required.  white listing genuine detections by submitting false positives to symantec security response team  coordinating meetings with vendor symantec and client to troubleshoot security issues (high cpu usage on sepm servers, duplicate hardware id, replication failure, etc.)  configurations of live update servers and sepm servers as per customer requirements.  implementation, configuration and deployment of sep manager and sep client across varied client environment.   managing sepm servers, sep database servers and dmz servers as per engineering standards.  work on issues reported by the clients (sep client not getting updated, scan not getting completed, client to server communication, setting msl configuration, virus outbreak issues, etc.)   work on sccm (security compliance and security manager) to manage all sep application servers (database, live update, and sepm and dmz servers).  monitor alerts in sccm tool and inform respective support groups to take remedy action.  work with different support groups to remediate compliance issues (removal of unauthorized account from the server, event coverage from the servers to arc sight, etc.)  highlights  1. successfully trained new recruits in the team. 2. got the number of non-compliant machines down by high percentage. 3. got all the sla as green consistently for months. 4. received hcl jewel awards at various occasions. 5. certificate for handling task for manual machine remediation.  key responsibilities as level 2 technician    taking care of all the decks and reports related to all the escalation and level 2 across geo with the client.  dealing with various escalations on call and emails.  design, implement, support and troubleshoot vmware vsphere and cloud infrastructure   supporting customers across geo for all the it queries they face within the project scope and environment.  conducting knowledge sharing sessions and provide floor support for the front line staff.  helping individual to meet there performance expectations.  have been a part of green belt project for resolution improvement at the desk. && key responsibilities as a software engineer   end user support engineer experience and incident management in a manufacturing and banking industry.  l1 windows server administrator to gathering the information of issues on the client pc on a domain environment and resolving the issue of user access management  co-ordinating with technical teams while handling the incident management and other monthly technical activities, preparing and managing incident reports.  co-ordinating teams to collate data of kb articles, identifying the incidents to report to the problem management team.  acted as prime engineer for major customers, was involved in the related activities like attending weekly service calls and addressing customer concerns, providing rcas wherever necessary, and assuring the committed slas are met.  contribution to operations' excellence was responsible for planning the team staffing, the goal of which was to ensure staffing requirements are meted smoothly to ensure 24*7 availability of our engineers, even on critical staffing days  delivered trainings - process and technical  managed the mentorship program of new joiners  creating documentation for end users and also conducting training sessions for them.  achievements/awards/recognition certificate for providing best customer service for the year, 2012 and 2013 also for best team management. certificate for extraordinary commitment to the business in wipro technologies. received best compliments from customers, maintained scores as per the requirements while working with wipro technologies.", "job title": "specialist && software engineer", "job-duration": "october 2014 to present && june 2011 to october 2013"}, "location": "faridabad, haryana", "education": {"institute": "kamla nehru college nagpur, maharashtra && sfs college nagpur, maharashtra && tidke college && nagpur university nagpur, maharashtra", "school-duration": "2011 && 2008 && 2005 && none", "qualification": "mca in computer science && bca && hsc && mca in computer science"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "104", "skills": "excel (4 years), microsoft outlook (4 years), cornerstone (2 years), desktop support (2 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationability to take initiative, innovative and have excellent interpersonal skill. hardworking, positive attitude and fast learning capacity.  skills  can work on different operating systems - unix, windows  c++, c#, vb.net  java  asp.net  oracle  mysql  ms-access  ms-office 2003, 2007, 2010'  knowledge in active directory installation configuration and maintenance in windows server 2003, 2008 dhcp, dns   vmware troubleshooting various esxi server, virtual machine and windows server related issues performing p2v and v2v using vmware standalone converter and troubleshooting various issues related to p2v and v2v. fix esx servers connectivity issues troubleshooting various virtual center server related issues and fix any issues. and to fix lun visibility issues on esx servers and windows physical servers. adding service console, vm kernel and virtual machine port group in virtual center. performing virtual machine configuration changes. working with disk management tool like adding, extending and removing disk on physical and virtual servers. also v motion, drs and ha, v2v cloning, p2v migrations.  languages known  english, hindi, gujarati, malayalam", "work-experience": {"company": "stemmons business pvt ltd - vadodara, gujarat", "job-description": " at present working at stemmons business pvt ltd as in program specialist. (from july 2015)    all activity in active directory adding and deleting users assigning roles.  updating lync and email accounts.  provide learning management system (lms) training and support to employees.  quickly resolve technical problems that interrupt learner use and tracking  coordinate mass course enrollments and manage automatic enrollments to required courses  run system reports and develop custom reports to meet stakeholder needs  experience with camtasia and/or articulate authoring tool preferred.   experience with cornerstone lms administrative tool.  log and track all tasks using ticket tracking system.   worked as document support specialist for web mechanics from july 2014 to may 2015   under general supervision, provide timely technical support to customers on advice products through both written and verbal communications.  interact and consult with customers on network administration, software systems, and intranet/internet to support advice products.  prioritize and solve complex technical issues based on established processes and workflows, escalating as necessary.  record, track and document customer requests, updating through final resolution.  collaborate with other members of partner support to analyze and respond to customer inquiries.   i have been working in wipro as a technical fieldsupport level1 for vodafone as so on from march 2013 to june 2014    installing/configuring computer hardware operating systems/applications  monitoring and maintaining computer systems and networks  troubleshooting system/network problems and diagnosing/solving hardware or software faults  evaluating new technology   installing & troubleshooting for all type of dongles, my-fi devices ,   installing and troubleshooting of operations system windows xp, windows 7, windows 8.  installing & configuring such as vpn, dial-up, mails clients such as pop3, imap  troubleshooting both software & hardware in basic level.  all types of mobile emails configuring, blackberry mobiles configuring enterprise emails.", "job title": "program specialist", "job-duration": "july 2015 to present"}, "location": "vadodara, gujarat", "education": {"institute": "msu vadodara, gujarat", "school-duration": "may 2011 to march 2014", "qualification": "bca in computer science"}, "resume-summary": "to seek challenging assignment and responsibility, with an opportunity for growth and career advancement as successful achievements."}, {"candidateid": "105", "skills": "speed accuracy", "additional-info": "additional informationsummary of skills:  * team building * effective listening & communication. * supervisory/leadership development. * planning & implementation", "work-experience": {"company": "thomson reuters india private limited - bangalore, karnataka && hewlett packard, global - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": "bangalore.  job description: position is primarily an interface between business and partners who work towards a profitable growth for services, products and solutions by co-ordinating the various activities within the team. * manage the order process for select products; this includes entering orders into specialist permissioning or electronic fulfillment systems and working with internal customers to ensure the order is fulfilled according to agreed turnaround times and with accuracy. * take responsibility for selected customer related tasks within the allocated customer portfolio and other assignments as requested by the team leader. * manage internal customer queries and communication in a professional and service-minded manner ensuring that resolution is provided even if not directly within own brief. * collaborate with and support locally based order management specialist in the regional comcs in apac, emea and ram as appropriate for the role. * provide order processing for in-house permission && bangalore.  job description:  communicate the relevant information to partner using the appropriate management tool and if unable to resolve the cases, timely escalation of reports to avoid further delays.  manage the high volume of work with accuracy supporting the quality team along with the team leader in various process activities.  review process with the team and identify proper corrective and preventive actions and ensure that the errors are not repeated.  the \"subject matter expert\" for top config process.  environment understanding of metrics, sla, customer requirements, voc etc.  projects handled:  in the pilot batch for order management team for emea and played a major role in the migration of process from emea region to bangalore for 15 new products.  monitoring analysis of errors by team members using capa tool.  analysis of process flow, enhancing process simplification and reduction in overall cost and time.  key learning on the job  being customer focused  importance of working in a team and being a team player while at the same time being a leader.  goal setting, planning and coordinating multiple assignments.", "job title": "order management specialist && senior process associate", "job-duration": "november 2006 to april 2009 && november 2003 to november 2006"}, "location": "mumbai, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "bangalore university bangalore, karnataka", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "bachelor's in commerce"}, "resume-summary": "to seek a challenging role in non-voice based media industry with specialization in operations role."}, {"candidateid": "60", "skills": "mcse (1 year), ccna (1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationskills:  configure and maintenance of wired and wireless networks.  ability to troubleshoot switches routers and servers.  great knowledge in email, anti-virus & anti-spam  operating system: windows 2012, 2008, win 7, win vista, win xp.  perform and manage systems, configurations, installation, upgrades, and enhancements  install and support lan's, wan's, network segments, internet and intranet systems  re-imaging of hard drives- using norton acronis true image.  skilled in providing support to end users  ability to work independently to efficiently resolve customer issues. .network: lan, man, wan.  technologies  operating systems: window server , windows 7, windows xp, applications: ms office , ms outlook, remote desktop, norton ghost, acronis true image, team viewer. hardware: dell optiplex gx, fx, rj 45 connectors, wireless routers, linksys switches, cisco switches, hp color laserjet, deskjet printers. ups (uninterrupted power supply) adobe photoshop, adobe reader.  protocols: tcp/ip, dns, dhcp, smtp, pop3, ftp, igrp, eigrp, ospf.", "work-experience": {"company": "united electronics company extra superstores - hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "job-description": "duration: march 9, 2008 to dec 2016 job description:  responsible & supervising for all (14) western region extra stores involving in windows it administration, installation, commissioning, maintenance, up-gradation and troubleshooting of operating systems (server/desktop/laptop) and related systems.  responsible for provide online/onsite technical support and other information required by the it-support team.   provide day-to-day technical support and administration of the technology infrastructure.   creating and logging call on itsd ( (it service desk) and assigning request to appropriate agent for solving the issue with in the agreed time in sla.   troubleshoot, repair, maintain, install and perform testing activities on various computer equipment, peripheral, data communication and computer network system.  maintain software and hardware inventory and tracking systems; monitor inventory, order, stock and store electronic components  problem management and creating new user and resetting users password using. active directory maintenance.  recording theft cases from digital video recording ( cctv)  support / troubleshooting of point of sale machines in the showroom  fulfill departments & users with pc & printer requirements. configuring personal computers tcp/ip communication parameters, desktop applications, main business application clients, and security/antivirus client setup. and provide access to shared printers, scanner, and shared folders.  provide assistance in fixing hardware and software problems by visiting the user in person & by vnc, remote desktop and team viewer software or on telephone for remote location.  keep track of pc equipment's and perform audit for software violation or any mishandling of computers and related devices and report it to his manager.  setup, configure and maintain lan / wan networks  update/upgrade personal computers & desktop applications.  create & track it purchases, warranties, and maintenance issues.  track stock and distribution of it stationeries and supplies.  maintaining inventory of i.t products.  configuring ericsson ip phones.  monitor and report systems logs and alerts.  performs and carries out duties as directed by the direct manager.  configuration of outlook, user profiles  installation and configuration of microsoft office 2007, 2010 & 2013 microsoft works.  installing and configuring operating systems and applications.  company: expert solutions (india) role: network administrator  expert solutions, located at hyderabad (india) providing computer hardware, network solutions, it deals in computers and peripherals such as hp, dell, compaq, ibm and specialized in network project contracts  job description:  creating new local area network ( domain or workgroup)  installing and configuring operating systems and applications.  monitoring and maintaining computer systems and networks.  making staff/clients through a series of actions, either face to face or over the telephone to help set up systems or resolve issues.  troubleshooting system and network problems and diagnosing and solving hardware/software faults; replacing parts as required.  responsible for the support of network services relating to desktop connectivity, user profiles.  supporting the roll-out of new applications; setting up new users' accounts and profiles and dealing with password issues.  responding within agreed time limits to call-outs.  working continuously on a task until completion (or referral to third parties, if appropriate)  prioritizing and managing many open cases at one time.  installation and configuration of microsoft office 2007, 2010 & 2013 microsoft works.  installing and configuring operating systems and applications.  monitoring and maintaining computer systems and networks  rapidly establishing a good working relationship with customers and other professionals, e.g., software developers.  testing and evaluating new technology.  perform other tasks as required by management.", "job title": "technical support specialist / systems / network engineer", "job-duration": "march 2008 to december 2016"}, "location": "hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "osmania university hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "1996 to 1998", "qualification": "b.com in commerce"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "106", "skills": "concur tools (3 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationskills communication  2 years experienced in translating, interpreting and guiding with the foreign tourists i developed strong communication skills.  passport holder.  b.a (graduation) marks (chinese) (1) 54% marks in graduation in chinese language & culture. m.a (chinese) 55% marks in chinese language & culture.  technical qualification (computing)  degree in computer system, niit, india, bolpur  win 95, win 98, win-xp; win 2000; ms-office  internet; lan, niit, india, bolpur  drawing; niit, india, bolpur  visual basic 6.0, niit, india", "work-experience": {"company": "ericsson india private - bangalore, karnataka && capillary technologies - bangalore, karnataka && wipro infotech - mumbai, maharashtra && bnke solution pvt. ltd - kolkata, west bengal", "job-description": "-bangalore. (4thaugust2014-present) jd- i) supporting the ericsson internal employees through email and phone in chinese language. ii) supporting the employees in travel & expense related queries for domestic and international travel in china. iii) working on sap for clearing payment, account settlement and detail travel related invoices in concur tools, also supporting finance related queries for various employees. && bangalore- \"sales & marketing for china & singapore region\" - (sept 2012-apr 2013) && mumbai. (2012) - \"customer support for china\" trouble shooting in ms.outlook, knowledge in remote desktop, remote assistance and communication in various issues with different clients in asia pacific & other regions. (feb 2012-august 2012) && business analyst for china\". 4) experience as an india government official interpreter in china- june 2009.", "job title": "support service specialist && senior executive business development && service desk analyst && associate language expert (chinese) in kolkata, salt lake", "job-duration": "august 2014 to present && september 2012 to april 2013 && february 2012 to august 2012 && may 2011 to august 2011"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "visva bharati && visva bharati && visva bharati", "school-duration": "none && none && none", "qualification": "school certificate && b.a. in chinese language && m.a. in chinese language"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "107", "skills": "windows server administration (4 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills: windows:  installing and configuration of windows desktop and server products  assembling & disassembling a desktop & server  troubleshooting and maintenance of desktop & server hardware  troubleshooting and maintenance of all lan and workstation network connectivity issues  installing and troubleshooting user desktops, remote site connectivity through third party tools, online troubleshooting of client os like windows 7, windows vista, windows xp.  working with file systems and disks & disk management  installing, configuring and managing symantec endpoint antivirus for desktops and patch management for windows 2003 server, windows 2000 and windows xp  configuring pop3 and imap mail accounts in outlook express  installing and managing application software  providing technical, functional and operational support to users in the implementation and use of software applications  installation and configuration of network printers and scanners  configuration of dhcp & dns servers  configuration and maintaining active directory, group policies, users, computers.  configuration of hardware and software raid's roles & responsibilities  system admin for all the servers in the off hours. responsible for server resource availability for the applications & databases, and troubleshooting of various os errors  working on tickets based on severity and tickets receiving via service desk for various requests from the field and project team.  managing users & groups  configuring and managing logical volume manager  adding disks to volume groups and creating file system  installing, configuring and troubleshooting the software raid  administration of symantec antivirus corporate server edition on windows server.  user administration, resource management, hardware troubleshooting & disk space availability, on all the servers.  network printer configuration and management.  backup taking and restoring on os utilities.  managing customer service operations for rendering and achieving quality services, ensuring compliance with service level agreement.  working with file systems and disks & disk management  configuring pop3 and imap mail accounts in outlook express  providing technical, functional and operational support to users in the implementation and  installation and configuration of network printers and scanner.  my completed project   pallavan grama bank server migration, windows 2012 server and banklinks configuration (krishnagiri and dharmapuri district).  programming skills:  programming languages: c, c++ and core java. database: sql and oracle. operating sys: red hat linux, windows xp and windows 7. server: windows 2003, 2008 server and red hat linux. packages: ms office 2007.", "work-experience": {"company": "hcl services ltd - coimbatore, tamil nadu && sri krishna agency && hcl services ltd - coimbatore, tamil nadu && hcl services ltd - coimbatore, tamil nadu && none", "job-description": "oct 2015 onwards working in hcl as associate engineer roles and responsibilities  user administration (setup and maintaining account)  maintaining system  verify that peripherals are working properly  quickly arrange repair for hardware in occasion of hardware failure  monitor system performance  create file systems  install software  create a backup and recover policy  monitor network communication  update system as soon as new version of os and application software comes out  implement the policies for the use of the computer system and network  setup security policies for users && none && none && none && none", "job title": "customer support engineer && shoolagiri has system support engineer && system support engineer && customer support engineer && coimbatore has customer support engineer", "job-duration": "october 2015 to present && june 2014 to october 2015 && june 2014 to september 2015 && april 2013 to june 2014 && april 2013 to june 2014"}, "location": "krishnagiri, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "new little flower maticulation school chennai", "school-duration": "2009 to 2012", "qualification": "mca in computer science"}, "resume-summary": " having 3+ years of experience in it industry, with hands-on experience on branded servers like hcl, dell, hp.  core strengths are implementation and administration of windows servers.  outgoing, dedicated, hardworking and goal oriented person. i believe in team work and consider myself as an effective team member."}, {"candidateid": "108", "skills": " excellent verbal communication skills  good logical reasoning & analytical skills  clear understanding of the quality role  good interpersonal skills  knowledge of spread sheets & presentations (4 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationkey responsibilities in previous company:   responsible for the performance of 25 support agents (voice, chat and email)  evaluate transactions as per the qa guidelines  deliver feedback to the associate based on the observations  assist the team on the identified areas of opportunity and improve the quality of transaction  conduct internal and external calibrations with the client  process clarifications with inputs on variance  analysis of data based on trends identified - customer satisfaction, agent behavior, and other necessary root cause analysis  audits to ensure compliance of agreed action plans  interact with the client for process updates", "work-experience": {"company": "knoah solutions pvt ltd - hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "job-description": "two years and eight months of experience as a quality assurance specialist (oct 2013 to june 2016) in knoah solutions:  as a quality assurance specialist for  o huawei & honor usa tech support o evaluated voice, chat and email transactions o analyzed customer satisfaction and first contact resolution opportunities o coached associates for better customer service o provided suggestions to client for change of process and policy o choice hotels (sales process) o evaluations and analysis of voice and chat transactions  ~ one year of experience as an e-support officer (sept 2012 to oct 2013) in knoah solutions:   as a tech support for samsung telecommunications america o assisted customers on troubleshooting of samsung android phones o assisted fellow associates on product and process knowledge o acquired excellent customer satisfaction and issue resolution skills   hands-on experience in tools like knoahsark (internal tool for evaluating transactions, monitoring voice transactions and coaching associates), live person, live chat and webqa  excellent working knowledge of ms tools like excel, word, powerpoint   possess capability of managing & retaining of resources, under the management limits and instructions  delivered quality controls and enhancements to proactively address problems and improved customer satisfaction and bottom-line results  regular business reviews (weekly, monthly and yearly) with the higher management and client  an eye to improve and innovate - proven ability to bring about changes that increase efficiency (have optimized and standardized various processes in voice tech support, thereby improving efficiencies) by feedback and coaching from observations   certifications:  o total assurance certification  a course about quality and its implementation.  currently, working in ship building center, visakhapatnam (sbc) in the planning department as an engineer and a coordinator.", "job title": "quality assurance specialist", "job-duration": "september 2012 to june 2016"}, "location": "visakhapatnam, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "kaushik college of engineering, jntu visakhapatnam, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "may 2007 to june 2011", "qualification": "b-tech in computer science"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "109", "skills": "microsoft office,seo,sem (less than 1 year)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "minacs && jhaveri securties ltd && enlightenment99 software consultants pvt. ltd", "job-description": "knowledge of seo including on page optimization, off page optimization, search engine marketing, display advertising, analytic & social media marketing as well as various online tools such as: - seo - on page: screaming frog, keyword planner tool, display planner tool, alexa, seo power suite, google developer tools - seo - off page: moz, drop my link, seo optimizer tools, etc. -ppc campaign: google analytics (certified professional), google adwords (certified professional), bing (certified professional) and hubspot -inbound marketing (certified professional) - social media tools like buffer, sprout, pagemodo, tweetdeck, raven, tweet reach, socialbro, every post && none && none", "job title": "customer support officer && customer support officer (online trading) && voip trainee specialist", "job-duration": "june 2016 to september 2016 && 2016 to 2016 && june 2014 to january 2015"}, "location": "vadodara, gujarat", "education": {"institute": "m.s university.", "school-duration": "2014", "qualification": "mba in marketing"}, "resume-summary": "to work in an organization where i can learn and enhance my knowledge, put theory into practice and substantially contribute in the development and expansion of the organization."}, {"candidateid": "110", "skills": "product support,commissioning, testing, product development, pressentation (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationit skills   insightful knowledge of windows xp, ms office suite & web services.  experience of working with engineering design tools like ease for acoustic design.  good exposure of working with matlab during college education.", "work-experience": {"company": "bosch limited - chandigarh, chandigarh && bosch limited - bangalore, karnataka && bosch limited && bosch limited && bosch limited", "job-description": "since jan '16 assistant manager (product specialist and technical support)  role: assistant manager (product specialist and technical support):  ensuring that the assigned products & product lines consistently resonate with current & potential customers  managing the overall product life cycle including conceptualize, supporting product development, product manufacturing, product testing, prepare publication of product change notices (pcn), product discontinuation notices (pdn)  conducting extensive research and analysis of consumer needs, behaviour and buying decisions to evolve unique selling proposition (usp) of the product  senior engineer:  managed all aspects of product marketing including market research, competitive analysis, market forecast and product positioning; conducted product portfolio analysis and product life cycle management for lfl (local for local) paco products.  provided technical support and site related troubleshooting solutions for major installations like indian parliament, metro railway and so on.  analysed and determined requirements for future products with the aim of achieving higher revenue growth and market share for the business unit.  highlights:  successfully planned and executed:  design consultancy for audio conference system for indian parliament (loksabha), madhya pradesh legislative council, and chandigarh international airport  public address system for cochin metro, cochin international airport, and igcar chennai  led the product launch of following products:  ccs700 audio conference system, mixer amplifier (ple-1mexx range), cabinet and ceiling loudspeakers by conducting the process of conceptualizing, product design & development, testing and pricing according to bosch product engineering process (pep)  a total of 27 products across different product ranges were released in to market in a span of 4 years.  rolled-out product communication strategies such as e mailers, product catalogues, application notes to ensure high brand recall and product engagement by end-users.  lead the sales, product marketing team on design of pa and fids system for a major project and also successfully conducted proof of concept for the same. && growth path: && none && none && none", "job title": "assistant manager (product specialist and technical support) && assistant manager (product specialist and technical support) && senior engineer (product specialist and technical support) && engineer (product specialist and technical support) && graduate engineer trainee", "job-duration": "january 2016 to present && december 2010 to present && january 2012 to december 2015 && january 2011 to january 2012 && december 2010 to december 2011"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "sri taralabalu jagadguru residential school davangere, karnataka && visvesvaraya technological university bangalore, karnataka", "school-duration": "2004 && none", "qualification": "bachelor of engineering in technology && none"}, "resume-summary": " a skilled product manager with over 5 years of experience, targeting opportunities in system programming.  design, commissioning and tech support for pa system and audio system for indian parliament (loksabha), cochin metro, cochin international airport & igcar in government sector  hands-on experience in product engineering process with key focus on achieving highest quality.  excellent product ans systems knowledge and the capability to contribute as a team player."}, {"candidateid": "111", "skills": "microsoft active directory,exchange server,lan,wan trouble shooting,routers. (7 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationskills:   customer relationship management software  managing data-centers.  installation of leased line - internet, vpn & rf links.  installation of windows active directory (2000, 2003, 2012r2)  installation of exchange server.  linux based servers  microsoft outlook  creating in dns - ptr records  vendor management.  effective problem solver .  effective workflow management  process improvement specialist  technical skills:  operating systems: microsoft windows server [] directory services: active directory []  messaging systems: microsoft exchange []", "work-experience": {"company": "tikona infinet ltd - chennai, tamil nadu && tikona infinet ltd && tikona infinet ltd - chennai, tamil nadu", "job-description": "chennai   investigated and resolved customer inquiries and complaints in an empathetic manner  met all customer call guidelines including service levels, handle time and productivity.  solved unresolved customer service issues.  assumed ownership over team productivity and managed work flow to meet or exceed quality service goals.  strong leader of customer support staff.  facilitated inter-departmental communication to effectively provide customer support.  scheduled staff shifts to cover peaks and problems in customer inquiries.  trained staff on operating procedures and company services.  followed-through on all critical inter-departmental escalations to increase customer retention rates.  resolved associate, tool and service delivery issues revealed by statistical reports.  updated customer orders from start to finish in an accurate and timely manner.  effective liaison between customers and internal departments.  maintained accurate records of past due customer account activity.  handling pan india customers.  developed highly empathetic client relationships  maintaining and providing quarterly review of data center standards and maintenance practices  managing datacenter and manned & unmanned pop's within tamil nadu & kerala  operating and monitoring the data center's critical facilities and functions in order to meet or exceed service level.  hardware management of the material lying at pop's (t.n & kerala) which are under my surveillance  providing daily & monthly reports for higher level management on all instances that occurred on all shifts.  coordinating for new projects with concerned teams. && 2005. && tikona infinet ltd (formerly known as hcl infinet ltd), chennai   monitoring & troubleshooting of customer's lan & wan links with incident logging system to meet their sla (99.5%)  handling network related issues in pop setup and customer collocated equipments.  coordinating with different teams for the termination of wan links of customer & backbones  coordinating & troubleshooting with noc team for solving the problems of the lan & wan links of customers  coordinating & troubleshooting with service providers for solving the issues of customers & backbones links  isdn & pstn: trace the problem by analyzing the status of network devices like nt/ta or router  slow browsing issue: analyze the cause for the issue with extended ping & trace routes from  customer router & route-servers for any backbone routing issues.  slow connectivity & packet drops: analyze the issue by customer interface traffic. if traffic is not  exceeding more than the limited bandwidth will follow further steps by analyzing through extend  ping & trace route. resolve the issue by coordinating with noctech.  trace the customer routing issues & get it resolve with the help of noctech & etc  coordinating with different pop for client technical issues.  doing necessary cabling & wiring for new links commissioning in pop side.  handling technical related reports on daily, weekly & monthly basis.  handling lease lines and coordinating with concern team for link failures  coordinating with customer & get the status of network devices (modems & routers) & following with other service providers to make link up.  handling backbone & trunks (ds3 link) . incase if any down time for these links will trace the problem & resolve the issue by coordinating with related service providers  clients handled:  nse  honda motors  rmp  watanmal  univercell mobiles  jk fenner india ltd  cameo corporate solutions  spic  kone elevators  mobius  consim  tvs logistics  indev logistics  shriram chits - shriram trade finance; shriram city", "job title": "assistant manager (customer support operations & datacenter) && assistant manager (customer support & datacenter) && senior customer engineer", "job-duration": "2015 to present && june 2005 to present && 2007 to 2014"}, "location": "chennai, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "manonmaniam sundranar university tirunelveli, tamil nadu", "school-duration": "may 2000 to june 2004", "qualification": "be in electronics and communication"}, "resume-summary": "11 years of experience in managing customer support operations & datacenters. having good knowledge and experience in server building and troubleshooting issues in different environments."}, {"candidateid": "112", "skills": "catia v5/v6, enovia & autocad, skilled in ms office (10+ years)", "additional-info": "additional informationsummary: 1. energetic hands-on engineering professional with extensive 12 years experience. 8.6 years in design (sheet metal & composites) & 3.6 years of experience in composite materials & processes 2. involved in composite material qualification per astm standards 3. conceptual designer, highly involved in new product development and all aspects of structural design with proven ability to complete projects in time 4. knowledge of dfmea, a3 thinking and six sigma tool 5. excellent communicator, actively involved in coordination of cross functional team interactions, project strategy & implementation 6. managing multiple projects at the same time and maintaining project schedule deadlines by ensuring frequent communication with customers and vendors 7. providing technical support to subordinates and quality checking their tasks before release 8. supporting & managing junior engineers & team members in performing their tasks 9. enrolling the team members to meet project schedules, initiate weekly coordination meetings and provide weekly updates to the higher management thus facilitating accordance within the team", "work-experience": {"company": "textron india private limited - bangalore, karnataka && national aerospace laboratories - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": "i joined this company as an engineer in the design team and grew to becoming a technical specialist in the same team with experience of working on multiple challenging projects in both metals and composite airplanes. i was then given an opportunity to work in materials and processes for composite materials which i still support.   accomplishments include. leading edge award for the quality of delivery, spot achievers award in materials and process department. been a participant for innovation award for two consecutive years 2010-11 and 2011-12. && as a junior engineer, i worked for the structural design team at c-cadd, nal. i was involved in designing frames and bulkheads in the non pressurized region of the aircraft, forward of the front pressure bulkhead.", "job title": "technical specialist && junior engineer", "job-duration": "july 2008 to present && december 2006 to june 2008"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "m s ramaiah institute of technology bangalore, karnataka && pes polytechnic bangalore, karnataka", "school-duration": "september 2000 to june 2004 && april 1997 to june 2000", "qualification": "be in industrial engineering and management && diploma in mechanical engineering in mechanical engineering"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "113", "skills": "wireless networking (less than 1 year), rf instruments (less than 1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical knowledge  management  computer networking   networking knowledge  project management  project coordinator  good knowledge of rf instruments  java  c, c++  html and css  cisco router configuration and networking  data packet capture and analysis using wireshark  virtual machines, windows, linux, and mac os  ms office and internet applications  major achievements:  member of core team in campaigning department in projections14 at parul institute of engineering and technology  won first prize in photography contest in dhoom15 at parul institute of engineering and technology", "work-experience": {"company": "e-tech", "job-description": "has worked for seo too and know the working operations for an seo specialist  project summary:  developed hybrid mobile app (medlab) which can work on all operating system and this technology is known as phonegap as b. tech final year project  developed web application (e-school management system) on asp.net as last year diploma project  additional skill & qualities:  management skills  leadership qualities  sales knowledge  customer service  communication ability:", "job title": "sales and technical support", "job-duration": "february 2016 to present"}, "location": "vadodara, gujarat", "education": {"institute": "gujarat technological university and secured overall && gujarat technological university vadodara, gujarat", "school-duration": "none && none", "qualification": "bachelors of engineering in computer science && diploma in computer engineering"}, "resume-summary": " done computer science and engineering from parul institute of engineering and technology with 7.67cgpa (india)  done 3 years of certified diploma in computer engineering as well  1 year of working experience with e-tech which is a knowledge process outsourcing firm and their biggest client is verizon  worked for verizon for home phone, tv and internet services  knowledge of seo (search engine optimizing) and have also worked for it"}, {"candidateid": "114", "skills": "800xa,dcs, (5 years), scada,plc,rtu, (10+ years), communication protocols- modbus,ff,hart,profibus,profinet,devicenet etc (10+ years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills:  dcs - 800xa system, freelance (basics) plc's - ac500, (ha and eco), ab plc, s7 series etc rtu's- rtu 50, scd5200 etc. programming languages: iec programming languages. industrial networks and communications: modbus, profibus, opc hmi/scada: foxscada 6.4, wonder ware in touch, wincc. configurators - rtu/system configurator for rtu50 and scd5200, codesys etc  professional qualification:", "work-experience": {"company": "abb saudi on cbsbutler contract - saudi arabia && reliance - mumbai, maharashtra && wipro infotech - bangalore, karnataka && worley parsons oman engineering llc && abb gisl bangalore - bangalore, karnataka && invensys india pvt ltd - chennai, tamil nadu", "job-description": "commissioning/system specialistabb saudi(on cbsbutler, uk contract) project : sadara(a joint venture of saudi aramco & dow chemical)  responsibilities :  800xa system engineering and setup  modbus tcp/ip communication with third party device such as siemens s7 300 &400.  backbone communication setup and interface.  l3 interface with 800xa system for backup movement and history server.  closed loop asset monitoring (clam) & asset management system (ams) set up and configuration.  loop check/functional check support, instrument preventive maintenance, calibration& report generation.  site acceptance test for software version validation, software administration& configuration, basic communication, ams, clam, cv-ots (code validation operator training simulator).  firewall, switches configuration & setup.  acronis setup &configuration for system backup && scada engineerreliance gas project : shahdol phulpur pipeline , dahej nagothane ethane pipeline responsibilities:  scada & telecom system integration for oil and gas pipeline projects.  as end client (owner) of the system, review and first level approval of functional design specification, code validation, graphics submitted by different oems of plc, scada, and also sub vendors. && project: 800xa, with ac800m controllers of different types responsibility:   for various system versions. system versions sv5.0sp1, sv5.0sp2 and sv5.1.  application development, programming, graphics development for testing.  setup different communication protocols and test the interface.  major functionalities tested upgrade of project, engineering repository, load evaluate go (leg), multisystem integration, plc connect trio, etc.  using scripting tools to automate the test process.  verification and validation. project:opc server forac500 and digivis 500 responsibilities:  as a senior/test engineer myresponsibility was to test the functionality of opc server da and ae.   identifying and reporting defects.   development of graphics for plc ac500 with digi vis500.  testing with opc server.  functionality test of digi vis500 with ac500.  validate the system level functionalities of the digivis 500 system.   reporting and validating the defects found during testing. project: ac500 ha product type test executed in abb france (on work permit for 3 months) with different plcs pm581 etc. project: ac500 eco product type test executed in abb xiamen, china responsibilities :   as a test engineer my responsibility was to create test cards based of system requirement specificationsand execute it for new functionalities.  develop application for testing, graphics development.  reporting and validating the defects found during testing.  firmware testing, hardware diagnostic test  communication protocol testing such as device net,profibus,profinet,modbus(only for ac500 eco)  execution of test cards, reporting and validating the defects on jira tool during validation. && main task/ responsibility in wipro infotech & worley parsons: 1. design, system integration of mes/ scada/plc projects. 2. supporting the proposal team for making techno commercial proposals for bids. 3. system integration and supervision of project execution.  main task/ responsibility in abb gisl: 1. sr. domain/test engineer for 800xa system, ac500 ha, ac500eco and also for robotics division for short duration. 2. graphics(ppa) development for testing. 3. guiding the testing team and members 4. executing and creating tests cards for product type test, system type test 5. identifying defects & reporting. 6. defect validation & documentation.  main task/ responsibility in invensys india pvt ltd: 1. system engineering of oil and gas pipeline projects, hmi design, i/o card testing. 2. project engineering for different pipeline projects including installation, commissioning, programming, configuration. 3. 3rd party device integration through different communication protocols. 4. conducting fat, sat, customer interaction at site.  projects as senior domain/test engineer at abb gisl:  project: opc server testing for digivis 500 responsibility: as a test engineer my responsibility was to test the functionality of opc server da and ae. identifying and reporting defects.   project: ac500 and digivis 500 system type test responsibility:   development of graphics for plc ac500 with digi vis500.  testing with opc server.  functionality test of digi vis500 with ac500.  validate the system level functionalities of the digivis 500 system.  reporting and validating the defects found during testing.   project: ac500 ha product type test executed in abb france (on work permit for 3 months) with different plcs pm581 etc responsibility: as a test engineer my responsibility was to create test cards for new functionalities. develop application for testing, execution of test cards, reporting and validating the defects raised during validation.   project: ac500 eco product type test executed in abb xiamen, china  responsibility: as a test engineer my responsibility was to create test cards for new functionalities. develop application for testing, execution of test cards, reporting and validating the defects raised during validation. firmware testing, hardware diagnostic test, communication protocols testing.   project: ac500 eco opc compatibility (in india) with different plcs.  responsibility: as a test engineer my responsibility was to create test cards for new functionalities. develop application for testing, execution of test cards, reporting and validating the defects raised during validation   project: 800xa product type test, with ac800m controllers of different types. responsibility: product type test for various system versions. system versions sv5.0sp1, sv5.0sp2 and sv5.1. as a test engineer my responsibility was execution of test cards. develop application for testing, build graphics (ppa) pages for testing, reporting and validating the defects raised during validation  projects as project engineer at invensys india pvt ltd:  project: various pipeline projects for oil and gas customer: gail (india), gspl gail- vkpl, tppl, kmpl, kmpl - spread across northern and central india gspl - adpl, khpl, mvpl, arpl - gujarat  responsibility:  supervision of panel drawing. documentation.  internal testing of the system in line with site requirement.  prefat, fat, installation and commissioning of the same at site.  programming as per site requirement on sall (invensys-proprietary).  rtu and dciu configuration, graphics building at master station.  integration of third party device (e.g. flow computers, gas chromatograph etc)  successful completion of sat and closure of project with customer satisfaction.  . && none && none", "job title": "commissioning specialist && scada & telecom manager && technical specialist && scada engineer && sr.domain/test engineer && project engineer", "job-duration": "may 2015 to july 2016 && october 2014 to april 2015 && june 2011 to august 2013 && december 2010 to march 2011 && april 2007 to september 2010 && october 2005 to april 2007"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "anna university chennai, tamil nadu && sri sai ram polytechnic chennai, tamil nadu && university of petroleum and energy studies dehra dun, uttarakhand", "school-duration": "2005 && 2002 && none", "qualification": "be in instrumentation and control && diploma in electronics and communication && masters in business administration in oil and gas"}, "resume-summary": " control systems engineer with over 11 years of experience in design, engineering, application development, programming, system integration, graphics development, trouble shooting, installation and commissioning, conducting fat, sat, software/product testing.  possess well developed communication, interpersonal and organizational skills  customer service oriented and has the ability to maintain good professional working relationships with clients"}, {"candidateid": "115", "skills": "personal qualities - ready to take initiative and responsibility of work related to self as well as team. analytical bent of mind with a desire for in-depth knowledge. excellent communication skills for building effective client relationships. self-motivated & ability to motivate others.", "additional-info": "additional informationcomputer knowledge : operational knowledge of ms office (word, excel, making of ppt in (power point) and outlook ( expert in configuring email in client mail like outlook, mac mail, windows live mail etc), tally-7.2 and desktop publishing and internet.  educational qualifications : graduation in commerce from smt. c.h.m. college of arts, science, commerce and management (mumbai university).  hsc from jai hind junior college.  ssc from jai hind high school & junior college.   personal details:   name : shashi punjabi.  date of birth : 06th february 1989.   nationality : indian.  marital status : married.   strength : self motivated and ability to learn on own initiative.  hobbies : exercise.  language known : english, hindi & marathi.", "work-experience": {"company": "shivaami cloud services pvt ltd - mumbai, maharashtra && tata teleservice limited - mumbai, maharashtra && sutherland global services - mumbai, maharashtra && intelenet global pvt. ltd sep 2010- june 2011 - mumbai, maharashtra", "job-description": "working as a technical support engineer for customer success services (css) april 2016-till date  google certified for csm (customer success manager) and deployment specialist.  major responsibilities:   analyzing and preparing security assessment and adoption report of g suite (google apps) services. conducting security meeting and providing security training if its required. providing admin and user level training of g suite services on client's location or through google hangout (online). providing technical support for g suite service and how to install applications. scheduling an appointment for an installation of google devices i.e. chrome box for meeting and chrome bit. taking demo's of g suite services for new customers. providing demo and training of the other cloud products which integrates with g suite service for backup (spanning) and archiving solution (google vault). preparing documents of all the g suite products and maintaining records of all the meetings and training. researching on new apps/updates of g suite services and how to implement on it. && company profile: tata teleservices limited spearheads the tata groups presence in the telecom sector. the group's objective is to provide end-to-end telecommunications solutions for business and residential customers across the nation and internationally.  major responsibilities:  providing technical support at l1 level for vas, application & mailing service. maintaining the daily, weekly and monthly mis report with the performance presentation and workflow. this report is shared with the top level of management which is required for further improvement, process change and implementations in business strategy and structure. handling escalations for domain name, web hosting, anti-virus (pcs), olb (online backup), mailing solution (outlook configuration, thunder bird, windows live etc).  handling technical complaints taking end to end follow up with backend team, region team & vendor for resolution of customer issue with the sla.  handling mails which we are receiving from different work groups to resolve the technical difficulties faced by clients while using the value added services. working on diims tool, where we are receiving the orders for google apps services from our sales region team. our role is to verify all the details and provide the approval to process the orders for provisioning the services. maintaining data of vsnl ids which was suspended for spamming and co-ordinate with region team to reactivate it. also maintaining the data of activated vsnl id which was suspended for spamming.. maintaining the data of wrong sr created by cc team in content & messaging bucket and put sr in to the wrong tracker in order to meet proper sla of team. && company profile: sutherland global services is a global provider of business process and technology management services offering an integrated portfolio of analytics-driven back-office and customer facing solutions that support the entire customer lifecycle.  major responsibilities:   my profile was to troubleshoot and provide customer service to the members of the giant at&t via chat cum outbound call process. at&t is the leader in telecom, internet services and digital tv services. we do live chat with the members and provide them proper solution and assistance to any of their concerns. troubleshooting on the customer's services like tv, internet and phone. resolve the customers queries on the first call (ftr). we have to maintain net sat (customers satisfaction survey), aht (average handling time), crr (customer repeat rate). responsible for handling the whole chat in a perfect manner and get customers satisfaction. also conducts training for the new associates about the process and monitoring the chats of the new associates as well as providing feedback. && company profile: it is a third-party business process outsourcing (bpo) & contact center provider headquartered in mumbai. intelenet's management team has been with the organization since inception.  major responsibilities:  to comprehend and indicate the consumers dispute through mail and online investigation for equifax credit information services. promoted to maintenance department after maintaining the excellent quality as well as productivity scores in regular department.  responsible for maintaining very good coordination with consumers by resolving their disputes preparation of budget. to update consumers identification information and to delete or suppress the inaccurate information as per the federal trade commissions guidelines. to send the account related disputes to their respective creditors for further investigation. responsible for sending annual free and paid credit files to consumers, guardian or authorized person. to meet the slas as per client requirement.", "job title": "technical support engineer && worked as senior technical support for sme applications and support (cso) && worked as senior technical support && worked as customer service associate (back office executive)", "job-duration": "april 2016 to present && october 2013 to april 2016 && january 2013 to september 2014 && september 2010 to june 2011"}, "location": "ahmedabad, gujarat", "education": {"institute": "jai hind school ulhasnagar, maharashtra", "school-duration": "june 2009 to may 2010", "qualification": "bcom in commerce"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "116", "skills": "windows 7, windows 10, office365 (8 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "here india solutions pvt. ltd - airoli, maharashtra && vendor management - mumbai, maharashtra && ugam solutions pvt. ltd && ugam solutions pvt. ltd - thane, maharashtra && beltronics consultancy && beltronics consultancy - goregaon, maharashtra && alphabetics computer service pvt. ltd && none", "job-description": "job responsibilities:  responsible for providing second-level and third-level end-user technical support including advanced software installation, documentation and special projects as part of the technical support team.  completing assigned hardware related installation and problem tickets and documents ticket status and resolutions.  completing assigned software related installation and problem tickets and documents ticket status and resolutions.  documentation for end-user, installation and other technical procedures.  participating in research, testing of new technologies or issues and other special projects.  assisting in technical training of staff.  incident management: reviewing remedy tickets workflow of l1 and l2 technicians and resolution within define sla.  vendor management, procurement per business requirement inline with budgetary amount.  technical skill:  installation and troubleshooting of wintel systems.  troubleshooting on in-house applications.  office365, skype for business installation and troubleshooting  hardware troubleshooting for dell systems i.e. laptop and workstations, konica printers,  epson, dell, view sonic, nec projectors (lan) installations and troubleshooting. && 2. perkins eastman design consultant pvt. ltd. january 2013 to may 2016 job responsibilities:  single point of contact and overall it support to the mumbai (india) office location (overseeing consultants in dubai and shanghai as well), while collaborating with support, systems, applications and network specialists throughout the firm on technology project design and implementation.  committed to enforcing all it policies, including helpdesk procedures.  responsible to respond quickly to emergency support situations.   troubleshooting of microsoft office 365 outlook  excellent problem solving skills including use of remote management systems.  vendor management in terms of isp, epabx, pri phone, printer amc, dell, lenovo, hp desktop and laptop  standard configuration of mobile device and travelling laptop  seating rearrangement, new hire setup, network account/security management.  server backup and patch management.  accomplishment:  migration of old printers with new xerox work center in economic cost and best valuable service.  successfully implementation of windows 7 image build project to all locations (mumbai, dubai and shanghai) before deadline  smoothly organized the project planning and implementation of it infrastructure setup for mumbai office relocation  active participation in other office activities (helping to the staff for non-it work in their design competitions)  technical skill:  server/workstation installation and troubleshooting (windows server 2012/r2, windows 7/8)  active directory user/group creation/deletion, cleanup of inactive objects, group policy implementation  virtual technology (vmware)  mobile technology (smartphones, laptops, tablet/ipad, etc.)  telephony (desktop & conference room analog, digital, voip systems and solutions)  collaboration tools (file exchange/sharing, dfs etc.)  business applications (ms office, adobe creative suite, etc.)  aec applications (autocad, revit, 3ds max, rhino, sketchup, newforma-data transmission tool, adobe cc packs etc.)  microsoft office 2010 & office 365 end user installation and troubleshooting  canon & xerox business printer troubleshooting  wireless printer & projectors troubleshooting & support  troubleshooting of branded hp, dell, lenovo desktop, notebooks, tablet book. hp, dell servers  setup and configuration of webex user account, meeting setup and technical support for conference meeting. && job responsibilities:  managing service desk & desktop supports team (15 members) across 3 locations through remote support.  maintaining license inventory of various types of application & hardware. (asset mgmt.)  service desk monitoring & special attendance on escalation calls / reports, maintaining it service as per the company's business policies. (iso standard)  vendor management i.e. hardware warranty, purchase of new h/w & s/w.  managing engineer's shift schedule, recruitment.  responsibility to handle sr. mgmt. & critical operational dept. service calls.  managing network & data security process,  monitoring daily checklist of printers, video conference & projectors.  accomplishment:  achieved internal team award for new dell desktop deployment for all desired users.  active participation of project planning and implementation of it infrastructure setup for mahalaxmi office movement to thane.  great team player role for pre audit of iso certificate renew program.  technical skill:  windows xp and windows 7 desktop operating systems, ms office 2007 & 2010  win 2003 & 2008 server installation & exchange server and active directory in an enterprise environment user and group creation  experience supporting remote, home and users.  basic knowledge of cisco telecoms platform.  polycom audio conferencing applications with experience setting up and troubleshooting. audio/video calls and presentations  installation & troubleshooting of business applications (client recommended spss, client vpn)  maintain license application records sheet.  installation & troubleshooting of branded desktops, laptops, printers, scanner hp, dell, ibm  configuration & troubleshooting of trend micro officescan servers, clients. scanning of virus infected machines & there reports, policies & scan methods.  managing internet access & monitoring user's usage, web-content service. (cyberoam)  support us & other international users through remote desktop tools (goverlan)  handling the user access management: user creation, modification & deactivation, email id creation on exchange server. bes admin, iphone, android active sync, email group, user permission, configuration of some group policies.  managing usb, external storage device access control server. && goregaon. managed role of it site incharge for desktop and network support, lead the 3 level 1 engineers. && 5. alphabetics computer service pvt. ltd. july 2004 - april 2005. worked as a customer support engineer, handled desktop level 1 tickets also worked on netbackup for file server, exchange server etc.  highlighted key skills: team management:  positively leading the team to support the global it operations by performing day to day monitoring & operation of business systems +1500 nationwide nodes, liaising with local service line & assisting with problem diagnosis and resolution.  assigning kra, monitoring overall performance, mentoring/sharing new trick and technology within team. engineer shift schedule, appraisal, escalations and capacity to handle 15-20 size of level 1 and level 2 engineers.  it service management:  providing metric reports to upper management regarding helpdesk stats. maintaining the documentation /procedure to fix known error.  deliver it services management (itsm) solutions based on itil best practices that focused on the people, process, and technology, and information perspectives of providing business solutions within the it infrastructure. this includes all aspects of itil best practices and methods from design, planning, implementation, and support.  communicate within internal and external team and sending alerts and announcements in case of major it failure, important notifications or any maintenance activities with proper etr.  centralizing it asset inventory, asset tagging, updating availability and capacity catalog. iso procedure:  adhering the security policies as per ismf, participating in dr test, bcp within organization.  analyzing and reporting the illegal activities, data security issues, virus infection issues working closely and covertly with iso team.  following up the approval metrics as per given by ismf in terms of new software, 3rd party application, right and permission as per the business requirement and analyzing the risk factor and provide some alternate solution with the authority of iso.  vendor management:  improved vendor management skill in terms of new hardware/software procurement, licensing, upgradation of maintenance service/ contract, isp, pri related issues, invoice negotiation to match the economic price as per it budget.  coordination with dell, hp, lenovo vendor for hardware failure issue, following up with them for solution and parts replacement against system warranty.  it audit and finance budget:  reviewing all it records with cmdb and reports, if needed doing physical checkup.  liquidation of outdated systems.  adherence of security policy and data loss prevention task to successfully complete the iso certification and it compliance audit.  collecting the information from customers and finalizing the data for the budget of new requirement with the confirmation of higher authority.  date abhijit sudhakar kulkarni. (signature) && none && none && none", "job title": "technical support specialist && perkins eastman architect && single point of contact and overall it support to the mumbai && sr. desktop administrator && asset mgmt && sr. f.m. engineer && senior facility management engineer && customer support engineer", "job-duration": "august 2016 to january 2017 && january 2013 to may 2016 && january 2013 to may 2016 && december 2008 to december 2012 && december 2008 to december 2012 && may 2005 to november 2008 && may 2005 to november 2008 && july 2004 to april 2005"}, "location": "navghar, maharashtra, 401105, in", "education": {"institute": "tv sd akademie gmbh", "school-duration": "2012", "qualification": "certification in foundation"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "117", "skills": "technical support,operations manager,team lead,tech support, troubleshooting,tech sales,manager,international bpo,team management,team handling, business development, e-commerce (9 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "eyetech pvt ltd - noida, uttar pradesh && pandaje group - noida, uttar pradesh && intuites infohub pvt ltd - noida, uttar pradesh && iyogi technical services pvt. ltd - gurgaon, haryana && lime spot technologies - noida, uttar pradesh && unisys global services india - bangalore, karnataka && ageis - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": "roles and responsibility: taking care of the complete tech support center individually, handling team leader's, teams (technical/ sales/customer service support) providing action plan, monitoring overall performance of services, building service reports. && job description: pandaje tech is a global next-generation computer support service provider and since its inception in 2008, the company is showing high growth in this area. with time, the company has cut through the ranks and has today emerged a center of trust for customers across us.  roles and responsibility:  responsible for team's performance on operational metrics.  define overall monthly target for sales (inbound/outbound) &tech support team  monitor team performance & motivate team to achieve their targets  share program updates, concern areas with solutions  drive overall project kpi  train resources - need based  ensure adherence to reporting timelines both by tl's, tse  ensure all hygiene factors are achieved & maintained  proactively sense any future attrition & plan accordingly  ensures team is meeting/ surpassing the targets and review the performance with the director /vertical head (vh)  effectively manage entire shift operations individually. && job description: intuites is a leading software development and consulting firm based in new jersey (usa), techniday is other arm as a dba of intuites dealing in providing technical support services to its overseas clients across us/canada, targeting home and small business users.. services include desktop/laptop related issues, antivirus support, printer, mac support, data recovery and even more.  roles and responsibility: proficient in managing the projects individually for multiple customers, service delivery, technology support and technical troubleshooting under windows/mac based platforms and applications. assignments included business development strategy, team management (sales team)   keeping the motivation level high within the team.  ensuring a healthy and positive work environment  participate actively in the appraisal process for team members  perform quality checks of team's output to ensure high standard of quality && period: november 2009 to september 2012 job description: iyogi is a leading organization based in gurgaon, dealing in rendering technical and customer support services to its overseas clients; designated as technical specialist the job profile is of rendering the technical support services to the overseas customer for the hardware and software issues. roles and responsibility:  acted as a team member for the live escalation team (similar to l3) worked on escalated technical issues of l1 and l2 teams.  also acted as senior tech sales member, subscribe customer to the paid support. && period: september 2008 to september 2009  roles and responsibility:  direct user support for lime exchange & lime domains (e-commerce): email, chat support and also providing telephonic assistance to get projects from the buyers.  product support: monitor, report, escalate any product, production issues impacting users, writing blogs and giving new offers to the existing and new customers on daily bases. && roles and responsibility:  resolving engineers queries through emails, after verifying with emc helpdesk  assigning calls, pmo reports, csat survey  good excel skills worked on vlookup formulas, pivot tables and charts. && roles and responsibility:  provides customer care services for western union money transfer worldwide", "job title": "operations manager (sales/support) && operations manager (sales/support) && team lead (sales/support) && technical specialist (tech sales/tech support) && product support specialist (business development) && service support representative && customer care officer", "job-duration": "july 2015 to present && july 2014 to july 2015 && september 2012 to july 2014 && november 2009 to september 2012 && september 2008 to september 2009 && september 2005 to october 2007 && september 2004 to august 2005"}, "location": "new delhi, delhi", "education": {"institute": "city college mysore, karnataka", "school-duration": "2003", "qualification": "bca in bank"}, "resume-summary": "to seek a career in the area of it enabled services applying my professional experience, training and educational background."}, {"candidateid": "118", "skills": "quality control (1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationskill set  team skills: effectively motivate team members and a good coordinator.  analytical/research skills: ability to assess a situation, seek multiple perspectives, gather more information if necessary, and identify key issues that need to be addressed.  communication skills: active listener, quick learner with effective presentation and writing skills.  computer skills: proficient with computer basics. perfectness in microsoft excel.  time management skills: capable of identifying and prioritizing the tasks, allocating time and doing the tasks on time. job roles and responsibilities  to collect all the invoice and expense forms.  checking and verifying all the documents related to work for accuracy.  carrying out other duties assigned from time to time.", "work-experience": {"company": "vodafone process in vertex customer", "job-description": "solution pvt. ltd. (7 months)  \"quality head and marketing supporter\" in kailas-ganga polymer pvt. ltd. (9 months)  \"quality specialists\" for vodafone process in tata business support service limited. (1 year)  rewards won rnr for vodafone process in vertex customer solution pvt. ltd. achieve rnr for quality process in kailas-ganga polymer pvt. ltd.", "job title": "bussiness associate", "job-duration": "none"}, "location": "pune, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "aurangabad university aurangabad, maharashtra", "school-duration": "2016", "qualification": "b.sc. in computer"}, "resume-summary": "to work in a challenging position with a well-established organization that will lead to a lasting relationship in the field of computer."}, {"candidateid": "119", "skills": "firewall (8 years), asa checkpoint , paloalto, fortinet (8 years), proxy , bluecoat web sense web filtering, web sense v10k zscaler cloud proxy (7 years),  firewall manager: - forti manager, cisco csm, forit analyser , checkpoint provider (5 years), f5 (4 years),  monitoring tool: - syslog server, solar winds, manage engine, siem tool (nfx), firemon (6 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "bt global services - gurgaon, haryana", "job-description": "the post holder will have ownership of technical elements of the rbs security management platform, including but not limited to detailed design, installation, monitoring and alerting, support, maintenance, and upgrades and patching. this will include the support of new and existing products that come under the responsibility of the team.   technical impact analyse (tia) for all change so that impact will less.   provide go ahead for tcr (task change request) after technical impact analyse.  provide support to ops during policy push/change requirement basis.  to meet agreed sla's and develop additional sla's where required, in relation to incident and firewall management and proactive and reactive reporting.  allocate and work on complex incidents, problems and changes within the operational environment.  provide customer technical advisory services in support of new bt security service. working with the customer and account teams in the technical data requirements capture phase.  consult with and provide direction for project and delivery managers to bring into service security solutions. ensuring they meet the criteria for ongoing support by bt security  produce and support polices and function configuration builds on the rbs platform.  carry out security solutions technical consultancy in support of customer project work and the rbs platform.  interacting with global client to gather their requirement and provide them a solution as per design process.  installation and implementation of new hardware related to firewall/proxy.  after configuring the devices working closely with soc team to handover the device to support.  closely working with vendors & cross towers in case of escalations.  follow a very well defined change management process.  client interactions on daily basis.  incident management: handling tickets logged by users for issues with their network, regarding network security issues and providing solution for the same.", "job title": "security specialist", "job-duration": "none"}, "location": "gurgaon, haryana", "education": {"institute": "smu gurgaon, haryana", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "mba in operation"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "120", "skills": "marketing and application specialist, product specialist, product & training manager, computer tomography (ct) , positron emission tomography (pet-ct), interventional radiology & oncology, brand manager ,technical support, product launch", "additional-info": "additional informationcomputer skills   operating systems: windows 7, windows vista, proficient with ms office", "work-experience": {"company": "perfint healthcare pvt. ltd, chennai, tamil nadu - delhi, delhi && biomedical division - new delhi, delhi && medical point (india) ltd. (hospimedica group) - new delhi, delhi", "job-description": " application training during robotic guided interventional procedures in ct / pet-ct environment  execute clinical trials and work with doctors towards research papers  conduct regular educational sessions at customer site to upgrade customers with new updates   serves as a technical advisor to physicians, medical personnel, engineers, administrators, and support staff on proper operation of equipment, planning of new systems, and modification of existing equipment to meet clinical needs  assesses customer skill and conducts regular training sessions at the customer site to improve utilization and regularly update them with the latest developments in terms of applications and clinical indications.  providing product training to the sales team and working closely with the them to achieve the assigned targets  conduct pre and post sales demonstration, presentation and clinical/technical discussions.  sales and product training to the sales & marketing team of the overseas/in land dealers & associates   conduct market research, develop key marketing tools, organize marketing campaigns  planning and implement the launch program of new products and manage the cross-functional implementation of the same.  work with the marketing teams of the customers/dealers for clinical/technical discussion and business development.   installation of the robotic guidance device while working together with the service engineer  acts as the first line support for repair and technical support issues  support to current client base by providing quick and efficient solutions on any requests / needs / queries including parallel working with them on clinical researches and maintaining regular visits.  provide regular on-site guidance and support to the doctors and explaining the surgeon/ ot staff / bmes about technical aspects, installations, operation and sterilization of the equipment.  research work at current client base towards the development of new products &&  supervising the preparation of tenders and requests for proposal  providing the technical support and training  preparation and regular update of the technical specifications  product branding and implementing launch strategy for the products   participation in industry specific conferences and seminars  liaison with the foreign principles/suppliers and dealer / vendor management  manage the business communication and technical support with foreign principals and dealers  devise promotional strategies and managing the advertising & marketing part  establishment and maintenance of all the product documentation for promotion  designing and development of various sales support materials such as brochures, pos material, business mailers and print inputs for advertising etc.  manage private label / joint branded labels products for key oems  manage relationships across departments and partners to ensure seamless functioning  development of promotional and scientific data to support the sales & marketing staff  monitoring of the regular up gradation of the website and the product profile as well &&  provide applications support & product training to the sales and marketing team  development and compiling promotional and scientific data  preparation and regular update of the technical specifications  managing the tender & requests for proposal work and keep track of their status  devising product launch campaign and promotional schemes for products  preparation of the technical comparatives  develop, arrange and update training material and training of the sales team at regular intervals  creating and maintaining all product training & promotional documentation  work with the service team to confirm the satisfactory working of product prior to installation  regular up gradation of the website with updated product information  keep track of the training schedules and work towards the effective execution of the same.  work with regional offices on sharing prospects and client contact systems.  organizing and co-coordinating for the exhibitions and cmes.  participation in trade shows, fellowships, conferences, exhibits and other marketing activities.  ensure that product orders are fulfilled in a timely and cost-effective manner, and update customers on their status.", "job title": "application specialist && dy. manager && product support engineer", "job-duration": "june 2011 to september 2014 && september 2010 to february 2011 && february 2007 to july 2010"}, "location": "delhi, delhi", "education": {"institute": "ignou delhi, delhi && nios delhi, delhi && niit && kasturba polytechnic for women, board of technical education delhi, delhi", "school-duration": "2012 to 2015 && 2012 && 2010 to 2010 && 2006", "qualification": "b.sc in life science && class xii in biology, maths, chemistry, english, computers && diploma (3 years full time) in electronics ( specialise in digital and microprocessor based systems ) && none"}, "resume-summary": "with an experience of more than 9 years, i was involved in application support, marketing and clinical support, training, pre and post sales support, service support, tender management, operations management"}, {"candidateid": "121", "skills": "oracle (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationkey skills order management/fulfillment, inventory management, procurement. erp tool- oracle 12i, siebel, filenet and standard register", "work-experience": {"company": "keysight technologies && scholastic international && aptara inc - noida, uttar pradesh", "job-description": "industry: semi-conductor  order management  order management and task related to this for internal and trade spare parts order. interaction with necessary functions within and outside the organization. communication with field service and trade organization. order entry for expensed orders (customer) based on request from field organization. order entry for internal orders based on request. receive customer claims, process them internally and work on resolution.   siebel operations  creating siebel email template on siebel as per the request from the stakeholders.   e-invoicing  sending out e-invoices on day to day basis to the customer of us and lar regions.   distribution channel reporting (mis)   preparing and updating the pos data monthly.  preparation of regional dashboards (sell in data)  preparation of field employee compensation reports (gcr, korea and emea region)  preparation of volume end user report (sales figures of customers in special agreement)  preparation of the inventory reports.  updating the warranty of the assets sold to the distributors monthly as per sell in data.  updating the warranty of the assets sold to the end customer as per pos. && industry: publishing  order management creating new client account in oracle system. preparing quotes for the customer. processing sales purchase order for customer invoice generation.  sales support (mis) preparing sales & revenue reports by collecting and summarizing sales data. preparing stock forecast report.  edi order management quality check of the edi orders entered by the customer. releasing the orders within the given tat.  inventory management co-coordinating with the warehouse for timely dispatches of orders. monitor the entire supply-chain from factory to the end-user and flag any deviations from established schedules to ensure timely corrective intervention.  managing documentation managing way bills database and co-ordination with (dhl/ups) for dispatches. preparing and arranging documents viz. commercial invoice, packing slip for custom clearance.  invoice management address queries from finance team to close any issues. preparing bill only invoices for inter-company orders.  credit risk collecting credit information from the references provided by the customer. fixing the credit limits of the customer into the oracle system. &&  initiate actions for proper order execution after receipt of customers purchase order in terms creating an internal sales order after completing the due diligence and necessary approvals as required by the work flow policies & procedures of the company and then generating a purchase order for the vendor.  ensure consistency & agreement between quotes submitted to customers and purchase orders received referencing specific proposals, prior to execution.  independently manage & administer inventories in line with company's business goals.  monitor the entire supply-chain from factory to the end-user and flag any deviations from established schedules to ensure timely corrective intervention.  coordinate internally to respond to service requests, inquiries and complaints and ensures maximum goodwill for the organization from business partners & other business associates.", "job title": "customer service specialist && international operations associate && associate project manager", "job-duration": "april 2016 to present && august 2013 to april 2016 && september 2011 to july 2013"}, "location": "gurgaon, haryana", "education": {"institute": "ishan institute of management and technology noida, uttar pradesh && d.h.s.k college && don bosco school", "school-duration": "2011 && 2008 && none", "qualification": "pgdm in marketing && b.com && none"}, "resume-summary": "qualified masters in business administration (marketing) with 5 years and 4 months of experience in order management/fulfillment, procurement and inventory management. -add on experience on distribution channel (mis) reporting. -leveraged skills in cementing healthy client relationship geared towards generating business."}, {"candidateid": "122", "skills": "microsoft office,mobile phone hardware,servicing,qualitycontrol.flashing procedure (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills:  quality control  strong knowledge of mobile hardware and android technical properties.  strong knowledge in l3 and l4 servicing.  good knowledge in mobile phone flashing procedure.  familiar with all mobile phone operating systems.  proficient in microsoft office.  windows xp, 7, 8, 10.  c, c++  core competencies:  proven ability to use influence and persuasion to get results  good analytical and planning skills  ability to work with imperfect data/info, overall ability to take the risk and key decision making points.  hard working and consistent  pressure handling  ability to deal with people diplomatically.  together with team optimize process and overall team efficacy.  ethical and customer first attitude.  good communicative skills.  employer & positions held  payless (a unit of rk group) valucart.in as quality specialist jan 2016 till present  britco and bridco as mobile phone servicing training faculty from dec 2014 to jan 2016  britco and bridco as mobile phone service engineer from aug 2010 to dec 2013", "work-experience": {"company": "valuecart.in && none && none", "job-description": "quality control:  quality controlling of different mobile phones including android, i os, windows, blackberry os.  monitor and take actions to improve qc process.  coordinating qc team members to achieve better results  detecting problems with mobile phones (hardware and software) and categorizing for the repairing purpose.  implementing new qc techniques according to upgradation of the mobile phones.  organizing level 2 repairing facilities. ie, flashing and changing components. servicing:  giving quotations to the service centers for repairing purpose.  monitor and manage mobile service center and back-end supply chain operations.  conducting weekly reviews.  input incident details in to it systems and share management review reports.  field checking of service center facilities.  constantly monitoring qc performance and process.  inventory management:  data arrangement of the devices based on their status.  managing customer returns and repairs.  sort devices which is beyond economic repairment condition.  technical support:  understanding customer's needs and giving proper technical advice. && routed students to appropriate faculty advisor in mobile phone hardware and software &&  update the call details and complete documentation of records.  determine client needs, strategically provide solutions and enhance identity development.  handling level 1 to level 4 service.  understanding customer requirement and always aim to exceed customer expectations", "job title": "quality specialist && faculty && mobile phone service engineer", "job-duration": "january 2016 to present && december 2014 to january 2016 && august 2010 to december 2013"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "swami nithyananda poly technic kanhangad kannangad, kerala", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "diploma in electronics and communication"}, "resume-summary": "diploma in electronics and communication and certified course in mobile phone hardware and software technology with 4 + year of experience in mobile phone servicing, mobile phone servicing faculty and quality specialist."}, {"candidateid": "123", "skills": "microsoft office (1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationsoftware proficiency  ms office applications, atlas bison, wiper, tally, computer hardware, photoshop, coreldraw, pagemaker, urdu inpage, dtp  strengths   reputation as a self - directed professional with excellent problems solving. communications analytical skills.  ability to work under huge pressure even if work exceeds to beyond given task.  self motivating, confidence, hard working and honesty.", "work-experience": {"company": "tech mahindra - hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "job-description": "hyderabad (aug 2014 - till date)  working as an arabic language specialist in tech mahindra, hyderabad.  working on navigation project from aug 13 to till to date.  project: gis, non synergy projects (gulf countries) client: nokia (here maps), hyderabad platform used: atlas bison (client software), role: tech support as arabic language specialist designation: arabic language specialist.  key responsibilities  working with inputs and conducting inventory.  good knowledge in documentation.  good in team co-ordination & communication.  conducting the huddle meeting and discuss about client feedbacks.  working on final and pre-post shipment process.  excellent team management to achieve the internal and external deliveries.  project summary the main objective of this project is creating a navigational navteq map for first time in vietnam country as per customer requirement using atlas bison. geographer will use this standard operating procedure (sop) to code transport (truck) attributes, driver alert attributes, through routes, speed limits and traffic lights and stop sign conditions as per the scope. link addressing, poi attribution, naming, zone coding, creation as per navteq d & a rules. field will provide field driven plots and video drive files with the field collected data. the entire drive should be done and the pen notations should be marked for all the attributes that need to be coded. and post the transcribing activity, all the transcribed points need to get coded as per the scope and specifications of the project", "job title": "arabic language specialist in tech mahindra, hyderabad", "job-duration": "august 2014 to present"}, "location": "hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "maulana azad national urdu university hyderabad, andhra pradesh && jamia nizamia hyderabad, andhra pradesh && gowthami college/osmania university hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "none && none && none", "qualification": "m.a && b.a && b.com"}, "resume-summary": "to be associated with a progressive organization that gives me an opportunity to render my knowledge and skills attained with the latest trends and be a part of team that dynamically works towards my career & organization development."}, {"candidateid": "124", "skills": " troubleshooting outlook issues.  installing cisco vpn, vm ware, citrix application.  configuring & installing avaya soft phone and hard phones.  configuration, troubleshooting and maintenance of the it/network infrastructure (servers, workstations, printers & peripherals).  managing user accounts in active directory services manage user accounts, permissions, passwords.  good problem solving skills with an ability to work under pressure  having experience with help desk tracking systems.  configuring and troubleshooting of local and network printers.  ability to drive the call in the incident.  proficient in analyzing information system needs, evaluating end-user requirements, troubleshooting for complex information systems management.  strong understanding of customer relationship.  easy adaptability and accessibility to any environment. (2 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationpersonal skills   excellent problem solving/analytical skills, quick and eager to learn new technologies.  disciplined, motivated, respectful, focused attitude and perseverance.  ability to work under pressurized working environments, deliver to tight deadlines and working effectively in a team.   providing l1 support for work at home employees and sutherland on-site employees.  configuring mailbox of users in microsoft exchange server  []  troubleshooting outlook and other application related issues.  movement of the user to appropriate ous.  installation, configuration and troubleshooting microsoft office 2003, 2007 and 2010   creating ocs & lync account and assigning feature based on requirement.  troubleshooting file share related issues.  resolving tickets with itil process which includes incident, problem and change management also maintain sla.  working with live environment where 24/7 support is required.", "work-experience": {"company": "sutherland global services", "job-description": "from past 1 year in sutherland global services. worked 1 year as a it specialist in sutherland global services in behalf of saadhvi technologies pvt ltd.  roles & responsibilities  supporting clients globally with the help of remote support tools such as log mein console, lync sharing & remote desktop connection.  responsible for providing it assistance to include application support, hardware and software installation and troubleshooting.  installation of front-end software as per user requirements.  troubleshooting outlook related issues.  maintaining avaya profile in avaya server.  troubleshooting virtual machine issues.  installing softwares in virtual machines.  avaya softphone installation, configuration & troubleshooting.  user account creation/deletion/unlock & password reset in active directory.  vpn account token creation /deletion/renewal & troubleshooting.  using altris ticketing tool to monitor the incident status.  acadamic profile", "job title": "it specialist in sutherland", "job-duration": "november 2015 to present"}, "location": "chennai, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "vel tech multi-tech dr. rr && jaya polytechnic chennai, tamil nadu", "school-duration": "2011 to 2014 && 2006 to 2009", "qualification": "b.tech in information technology && dece"}, "resume-summary": "to excel in the field as a professional to apply the best of skills and knowledge acquired and continuously strive for excellence as a professional to produce a synergy of personal and organizational acme and to be of value and significance to the organization."}, {"candidateid": "125", "skills": "supply chain management, sap, sfdc, (4 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "infosys bpo pvt ltd - chennai, tamil nadu && white lotuss mediaa works pvt ltd", "job-description": "in infosys bpo pvt ltd from aug 12th 2013 to june 2015 and promoted as sme in july 2015 during my first cycle period for promotion. worked as a process specialist sme till nov 11, 2016.  professional summary 3+ years of experience in sap software application usage.   3+ years of experience in supply chain management, order management in supporting international customers.  resolving customer issues in taking responsible for supply chain industry in meeting deliveries, targets in providing analysis and customer feedback to procurement team to ensure customer needs are met with quality.  coordinate with procurement team in expediting orders wherever customer request to make the shipment earlier as per their requirements  in some areas based on customer request and requirements. cancelling the orders will be done with the approval from clients with proper reasons.  responsible for training, sop and project management.  adhering standardized processes and tasks without compromising customer satisfaction.  proactively reaching out to customers in managing off shores or outsourced services in shipment cycle.  good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills.  ability to work and handle crisis situations and worked on bcp time.  experience in quality management by using qc tools.  experience in handling the ui in sap (system application product), sales force and exostar portal.  experience in excel macro for uploading orders into qc.  experienced in edi orders for international customers.  processing orders for priority customer's for their deliveries.  pulling purchase orders from exostar on daily basis and also edi reports simultaneously so nothing gets missed in between the two tools.  certain customers provide purchase orders only in portal and they do not come in idoc - edi reports.  provide training for newly joined members in the team. to ensure that they are flexible and make them feel comfortable to move with other members in the team.  ensuring that they are comfortable within the organisation and team. so they are aware of the basic rules and regulations that is implemented in team.  certification from infosys  received spot award for my excellence.  t-100 in manufacturing and s&f.  t-200 in s&f.  project: supply chain management - order management client: honeywell aerospace industry  honeywell aerospace is a manufacturer of aircraft engines and avionics, [1] as well as a producer of auxiliary power units (apus) and other aviation products. headquartered in phoenix, arizona, it is a division of the honeywell international conglomerate. it generates approximately $10 billion in annual revenue from a 50/50 mix of commercial and defense contracts.  tools worked: sap, sfdc, myaerospace portal, qcs tool  description: sap is the base platform for placing orders, quotes & voice by representatives in infosys. for every hours use to run reports in sfdc for age in hours. need to give priority for superior customer. need to pull reports in sap for all orders and quality to be checked before document.  roles & responsibilities   responsible for all types of customers based on their sbu wise. atr, bga, d&s their category types.  order management plays a vital role in all types of industry. especially in aerospace industry it is more sensitive.  order management includes in processing orders for the complete spare parts of an airplane in providing the complete deliveries to customers on right time with fine quality.  right time deliveries needs to be involved with site coordinator and monitoring delivery creation to ensure shipment is processed as per customers original delivery date.  customers purchase order may be for single item, two or more.  if planning cannot be processed to customer on the time of delivery. we do dropship for orders and create delivery date with the help of planning team to ensure processing is done on the orders to optimizer delivery to customer.  interacting with the teams on a daily basis for tasks that need to be executed and also preparing reports for the day.  reports include sqdip which briefs safety, quality, delivery, inventory, productivity.  experience working in sap and quality tools.  prepare documents, spreadsheets and reports of the individuals.  have involved in solving the escalations raised by clients.  (quality control system) is a tool designed for the rep's to check the quality. it is very useful to calculate fpy for every individual.  interacting with international customer's through calls to solve their queries and satisfy customer needs.  well experienced in placing orders for both commercial and military customers.  also processed contract orders with erp contracts manually and through idoc.  conducting fun session activities every friday within the team for their relaxation.  handling tier calls with clients to get the queries solved on time.  conducting team building activities.  running reports on daily basis to share within the team. reports such as delivery, productivity, inventory. to ensure quality is met.  conducting refresher training every month to ensure that knowledge is shared. so everyone seems to know everything without the knowledge gap. && 3rd 2013 to august", "job title": "process specialist && front office/ admin", "job-duration": "august 2013 to november 2016 && july 2013 to august 2013"}, "location": "chennai, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "annamalai univerdity chennai, tamil nadu", "school-duration": "june 2002 to june 2005", "qualification": "bba in administration"}, "resume-summary": "a highly dynamic, skilled and qualified admin executive with diverse knowledge of handling administrative tasks. seeking a position as executive administrative to utilize my proficiency and knowledge in a renowned organization.  professional strengths: possess six years of professional experience as executive assistant.  possess excellent organization and management skills.  goal oriented and ability to handle multiple tasks.  proven track record in customer service like managing front desk operations.  proficient in basic operating systems like microsoft word press, excel, powerpoint, access, outlook, vista, windows xp and the internet.  possess excellent written and verbal communication skills.  possess extensive administrative and customer service skills.  successfully maintained healthy work environment in the organization.  responsible for maintaining good rapport with the officers and staff.  professional summary worked in ocher studios pvt ltd as a front office/ admin from july 2005 to june 2011.  handled the tasks of providing executive -level administrative support to the concerned executive managers.  responsible for performing administrative tasks like compiling and analyzing data and conducting market research.  responsible for arranging and attending meetings with executive officers.  prepared daily reports and updated the same to the manager.  handled the charge of answering phone calls.  handled the tasks of managing calendars, scheduling meetings.  responsible for preparing outgoing mail and correspondence like faxes, e-mail and overnight packages.  performed other administrative tasks as required.  handling customers from all divisions and problem solving.  handled secretary related works to md in drafting mails, scheduling appointments prior or post as per instructed.  worked in white lotuss mediaa works pvt ltd as a front office/ admin from july 3rd 2013 to august 7th 2013.  infosys bpo pvt ltd worked as a senior process executive in infosys bpo pvt ltd from aug 12th 2013 to june 2015 and promoted as sme in july 2015 during my first cycle period for promotion. worked as a process specialist sme till nov 11, 2016.  professional summary  3+ years of experience in sap software application usage.   3+ years of experience in supply chain management, order management in supporting international customers.  resolving customer issues in taking responsible for supply chain industry in meeting deliveries, targets in providing analysis and customer feedback to procurement team to ensure customer needs are met with quality.  coordinate with procurement team in expediting orders wherever customer request to make the shipment earlier as per their requirements  in some areas based on customer request and requirements. cancelling the orders will be done with the approval from clients with proper reasons.  responsible for training, sop and project management.  adhering standardized processes and tasks without compromising customer satisfaction.  proactively reaching out to customers in managing off shores or outsourced services in shipment cycle.  good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills.  ability to work and handle crisis situations and worked on bcp time.  experience in quality management by using qc tools.  experience in handling the ui in sap (system application product), sales force and exostar portal.  experience in excel macro for uploading orders into qc.  experienced in edi orders for international customers.  processing orders for priority customer's for their deliveries.  pulling purchase orders from exostar on daily basis and also edi reports simultaneously so nothing gets missed in between the two tools.  certain customers provide purchase orders only in portal and they do not come in idoc - edi reports.  provide training for newly joined members in the team. to ensure that they are flexible and make them feel comfortable to move with other members in the team.  ensuring that they are comfortable within the organisation and team. so they are aware of the basic rules and regulations that is implemented in team.  certification from infosys   received spot award for my excellence.  t-100 in manufacturing and s&f.  t-200 in s&f."}, {"candidateid": "126", "skills": "hardware & networking (exp as technical support) (1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationskills windows technical management. linux implementation and management, basic network and server management & sccm 2012installation and troubleshooting and windows server 2008 ad administration.  past experience worked as technical customer support in hcl services for 6 months from feb to july 2015.totally 12 months of working experience (currently working in tcs as a contract associate.)  tcs", "work-experience": {"company": "tcs - chennai, tamil nadu", "job-description": "i am an associate of tata consultancy services. my domain of expertise is it is desktop support, the following is a summary of my work experience  -i have worked with problem owners, other stakeholders to identify problem scope and escalate it service outages to specialized teams. performing end-to-end incident management and managing production environment without any issues.  -provided dedicated technical/it support to various client, including identifying problem incidents with their subsequent resolutions.  -assisted company personnel with desktop operation, including both hardware and software -provided employee training and instructions (through presentations) regarding basic operation of software and hardware, technical support and quality standards.  -supervised and performed installation of new it equipment and system software.  -responsible for diagnosing & resolving hardware, software & end users problems.  -acting as the first point of contact for all it & technical queries. developing the infrastructure and systems to meet the companies' needs.  -working within a tcp/ip network environment, including dhcp, dns and ethernet. involved in the rollout of software updates and patches.  -investigate specialist and complex it support issues for entire tcs tril location. communicating with third party technical specialists.  -configuring and managing backup & restore procedures. maintaining a wide range of computer hardware and software programmes.  -deploying new hardware, server backups & evaluating new software & security risks.  -in-depth knowledge of microsoft windows client operating systems, xp, vista, windows 7, 8, 8.1& 10 microsoft office up to office 2016.  tcs -it security experience including sepm anti-virus / malware, macafee encryption deployment. technology & spoc for go green (power reduction techniques for tcs)  -i have experience in sccm 2012 installation and configuration and in windows server 2008 ad maintenance.", "job title": "technical support engineer", "job-duration": "september 2015 to july 2016"}, "location": "tiruchchirappalli, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "miet engineering college &anna university tiruchchirappalli, tamil nadu", "school-duration": "june 2011 to may 2014", "qualification": "none"}, "resume-summary": "none"}]