[{"candidateid": "162", "skills": "sql dba (2 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills  languages: intermittent in oops software packs: matlab, xilinx and ms office operating systems: ms windows", "work-experience": {"company": "administrator work at bharat electronics limited, smart card division ,bangalore - chennai, tamil nadu", "job-description": "a competent b.e in electronics and communication engineer with 1 year and 6 month of experience in administrator work at bharat electronics limited, smart card division ,bangalore .", "job title": "sql database administrator", "job-duration": "march 2015 to november 2016"}, "location": "chennai, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "anna university-arunai college of engineering tiruvannamalai, tamil nadu && government girls higher secondary school && government higher secondary school", "school-duration": "none && none && none", "qualification": "b.e in electronics and communication engineering && none && none"}, "resume-summary": "entry level positions in manufacturing of electronics equipments and testing of equipments in a reputed organization   b.e. from anna university - arunai college of engineering, tiruvannamalai with exposure to handling of various special electronic devices, computation in matlab and troubleshooting through programmable logic controller.  strong communication, collaboration and interpersonal skills with proficiency in grasping new technical concepts quickly and utilizing them in an effective manner.  abilities in handling multiple priorities with a bias for action and a genuine interest in personal and professional development. areas of exposure"}, {"candidateid": "163", "skills": "database management (less than 1 year)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "hewlett packard enterprise pvt. ltd. - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": "currently working as a mysql database administrator at hewlett packard enterprise hpe.  actively tracking incidents and closing them by following up with team   recovering the databases from backup in disasters   worked as an l2 database administrator  undergone sybase and mysql dba training.", "job title": "database administrator", "job-duration": "may 2016 to present"}, "location": "mumbai, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "sheffield hallam university uk && rizvi college of engineering mumbai && kvmit polytechnic mumbai", "school-duration": "none && none && none", "qualification": "msc && b.e computer engineering && diploma in information technology"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "164", "skills": "oracle dba (3 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical summary more than 3.4 years of experience in oracle 10g and 11g database administration, enterprise manager, rman, backup, recovery operations  scheduled, installed, configured, managed and troubleshot oracle 10g, 11g databases on linux and windows os  created, tested and developed databases following ofa compliance rules  experienced in creating databases, table spaces, tables, indexes and other database objects; implement various table partitions for large tables, multiplexing control files and redo log files  administered database user accounts; created, modified, deactivated user accounts; assigned and monitored access rights  managed undo tablespaces, schema objects, redo logs, control files and archive logs.  analyzed and monitored tables, indexes based on performance, tablespaces and datafile utilization regularly  consistently monitored alert log files, trace files, user sessions daily, and took appropriate actions to kill inactive sessions and make systems manipulations based on logs  configured various rman parameters as per required, implemented the use of oracle recovery manager (rman) for cold and hot backup to all databases; performed physical backups and database cloning using rman utility  extensively used datapump and export/import utilities for logical backups  created and rebuilt indexes when necessary; created and tuned various materialized views  skills databases: oracle 10g / 11g. tools: rman, imp/exp, data pump, toad, sql developer operating systems: windows [] unix, linux.  strengths  hardworking.  excellent technical abilities.  remarkable logical and analytical skills.", "work-experience": {"company": "bell canada", "job-description": "dba) in allweird software pvt. ltd. from aug '2013 to present.  projects 1. project: billing software of amdocs client: bell canada role: database administrator  bell canada project. bell is leading telecom service provider in canada. being a member of this project we have to provide end to end support to our client (bell) which include installation of oracle, database creation, tuning the database, tablespace management, user privileges and profiles, provide backup to the clients as well as recovery of the database in case of failure, database performance monitoring, tracing of jobs etc. bell is basically using ensemble (billing software of amdocs) . so we have to also provide support to our development team as well as bell's testing team. i was also the member of deployment team (product release of ensemble), in which i have to apply database patches, perform database sanity etc with respect to changes made by release  2. project: smartbuzz providing system client: smartbuzz role: database administrator  responsibilities  creating user accounts, roles, profiles and monitor users access to database.  creation of new tablespaces, schema owners and other database users.  granting of roles and privileges to users.  create and maintain the database structures like tablespaces, rollback segments, undo segments, tables, indexes etc.  setting up logical / physical backups for the database.  scheduled hot and cold backups.  performing complete / incomplete recovery of the database for the clients.  cloning of the database for the clients.  assisting the developers regarding sql tuning.  to monitor the jobs and check the wait events and suggest the respective teams accordingly.  performing export / import for database restoration.  check daily backups and troubleshoot if there is any failure.", "job title": "database administrator", "job-duration": "august 2013 to present"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "mmha&p university", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "bachelor in computer applications"}, "resume-summary": "an accomplished oracle database administrator (dba) with expertise in technical skills and knowledge fruitful for the growth of the firm."}, {"candidateid": "165", "skills": "ms sql server dba", "additional-info": "additional informationskills: database: ms sql server [] tools: sql server management studio, sql server profiler, citrix gotoassist, sql monitor, remedy, itsm, iserve, altiris, hpsm and tivoli operating systems: windows xp & windows [] programming lang: t-sql", "work-experience": {"company": "infosys ltd ltd - hyderabad, andhra pradesh && tech mahindra - hyderabad, andhra pradesh && cmc ltd - bangalore, karnataka && cmc ltd - hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "job-description": "worked as a database administrator in tech mahindra ltd, hyderabad from may 2014 to oct 2014. && worked as an application support engineer in cmc ltd, hyderabad from mar 2008 to sep 2009. && none && none", "job title": "database administrator && sr.dba && database administrator && application support engineer", "job-duration": "november 2014 to present && may 2014 to november 2014 && april 2010 to may 2014 && march 2008 to march 2010"}, "location": "hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "osmania university hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "2004 to 2007", "qualification": "mca"}, "resume-summary": " overall 8.7 years of experience in information technology  having 6.6 years of experience in ms-sql server [] database administration.  having experience with installation and configuration of ms sql  server 2000, 2005, 2008 and 2012 applying necessary service packs and patches.   implemented in-place and side by side migration of ms sql server 2005 to 2008 r2 and 2008r2 to 2012  proficient in configuring, implementing, and monitoring different types of high availability and disaster recovery scenarios like always on, mirroring, replication, log shipping, and clustering.  scheduling backup and restoring of database.   created, performed, maintained and tested all backups and recovery models.   creating logins, users and assigning them permissions on demand.  involved in restore operations to refresh the data from production to test servers.  management of database space, growth monitoring of data & transaction log files. monitoring log files for security and troubleshooting purposes.  monitoring disk space of all the servers and freeing up space as per sql server i.e. older backups, unused files etc.   involved in optimizing code and improving efficiency in databases including indexing, updating statistics and performing other maintenance tasks.   experience on trouble shooting and resolution for database issues.   monitoring sql server performance using profiler to find performance and deadlocks and experience on performance tuning and day-to-day database monitoring activities.   monitoring and managing the process of job flow and getting all jobs executed within target time and sql server jobs monitoring, job failures and root cause analysis.   experience on production support as per on requirements basis."}, {"candidateid": "166", "skills": "mysql, java, hadoop (2 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills   programming skills: java  database: mysql.  ides: sql server 2008, dreamweaver, netbeans.  operating systems: windows, linux.", "work-experience": {"company": "chirayu medical college and hospital - bhopal, madhya pradesh", "job-description": "chirayu medical college and hospital (cmch) role: database administrator project: hospital information system (his) description: the objective of the project is to manage the information of the patient. the patient information is taken into the system and maintained through all the processes until the decision is taken. responsibilities:  understand the user requirement.  implement on the requirement.  created user manual for the software.  provide training to the users for handling software. tools: sql, visual basic, dot net.  chirayu cancer hospital (cch) project: doctor-g hospital management system (hms) description: the objective of the project is to manage the information of the patient. the patient information is taken into the system and maintained through all the processes until the decision is taken. responsibilities:  understand the user requirement.  implement on the requirement.   created user manual for the software and provide training to the users for handling software. tools: sql, visual basic, dot net.", "job title": "database administrator", "job-duration": "september 2014 to june 2016"}, "location": "bhopal, madhya pradesh", "education": {"institute": "lakshmi narain college of technology and science, bhopal bhopal, madhya pradesh && govt. boys h. s. school bhopal, madhya pradesh", "school-duration": "july 2009 to june 2013 && 2009", "qualification": "be in information technology && hsc"}, "resume-summary": "my goal is to become associated with a company where i can utilize my skills and gain further experience while enhancing the company's productivity and reputation."}, {"candidateid": "167", "skills": "db2 (3 years), oracle dba (3 years), unix shell scripting (3 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationcore competencies  have been working as a ibm db2 and oracle db admin.  expertise in db2 installation and upgrade of db2, all basic transactional activities of db2 and oracle.  have been working on db maintenance activities like * database backup, * database monitoring, * health check-up, * query and performance tuning, * db refresh (rman refresh for oracle), * recovery for both db2 and oracle. * table level backup (export & import) for issue triage.  have been performing health check-up for oracle database, * file system check, * database status (whether db is up and running or not), * invalid objects & locked objects * long running queries, * backup images and archive logs movement to tsm server, * tablespace usage, * datafile size check, * temporary datafile usage check (whether autoextensible or not), * tracking database size and table size on everyday basis, * user list tracking (sox) * lcount for users  automated many activities using shell scripting to avoid manual effort.  taking ownership of all the activities from dba end like db refresh, preparing ddl, executing ddl, dml & dcl and code migration while handling releases.  have worked on optim tool to perform archive and purge of data as a part of db maintenance release for both db2 and oracle.  troubleshooting.  technical skills  languages sql database tools& technologies ibm db2, oracle database 11g scripting language unix shell scripting tools putty, optim, version control tool, sql developer domains worked health & public insurance", "work-experience": {"company": "accenture service pvt ltd", "job-description": "technology ibm db2, oracle, unix scripting duration february 2014 - october 2016 role database administrator team size 10  project description: kaiser permanente is an integrated managed care consortium, based in oakland, california, united states. it sells health insurance plan through brokers to the public and kaiser offers compensation to the brokers selling its insurance plans. i have been supporting 2 applications under kaiser permanente, i.e. national pricing system and broker compensation services  responsibilities:  database installation, upgrading and configuring db2.  database maintenance like monitoring db backup, health check-up, performance tuning, fine tuning complex queries, reorg and runstats, rebind, db refresh for both db2 and oracle.  database transactional activities like making ddl, dml and dcl changes as a part of releases.  working closely with development, testing and production support during releases for all the db activities.  supporting production environment for two applications using ibm db2 database and oracle database.  expertise in unix shell scripting and automating processes to avoid manual effort.  troubleshooting  handling optim tool for performing archive and purge of data every quarter for both db2 and oracle database.", "job title": "database administrator", "job-duration": "february 2014 to october 2016"}, "location": "gurgaon, haryana", "education": {"institute": "west bengal university of technology hugli, west bengal", "school-duration": "august 2009 to june 2013", "qualification": "b.tech in computer science"}, "resume-summary": " have 3.2 years of work experience in ibm db2 database and oracle database as database administrator.  expertise in db2 installation and upgrade of db2.  expertise in all basic transactional activities and db maintenance activities of db2 and oracle.  have supported production environment efficiently without any escalation.  expertise in shell scripting."}, {"candidateid": "168", "skills": "oracle dba (2 years), sql (2 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "tera software limited - mumbai, maharashtra", "job-description": "oracle database administrator with 1.7+ yrs of experience, b.tech/b.e. in information technology currently living in mumbai.", "job title": "oracle database administrator", "job-duration": "june 2016 to present"}, "location": "mumbai, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "st.martin's engineering colloge (jntuh). hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "2011 to 2015", "qualification": "b.tech in information technology"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "169", "skills": "oracle dba (1 year), oracle (1 year), unix shell scripting (1 year), windows server (1 year), suse linux (1 year)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "niit technologies", "job-description": "over 15 months of it experience in \"manage services\" includes 12 month dedicated experience as \"oracle database administrator\" with proficiency in \"oracle 11g/10g\" on sun solaris, linux and windows.   monalisa (pra system) - the basic purpose of an airline revenue accounting system is to manage the control, reporting, use and accounting of tickets, mcos, excess baggage tickets and other accountable documents.  technology/software tools used- oracle database, oracle business intelligence, sql server, oracle forms and reports 6i.   responsibilities in project- i am taking care of the 10+ database instances and it related work. creates and maintains all databases required for development, testing and production usage.plans and implements backup and recovery of the oracle database.troubleshoots with problems regarding the databases, applications and development tools.manage sharing of resources amongst applications.performs database activity tuning on time to time to ensure performance and ensure maximum uptime.ensure security of data, network access and backup systems.maintaining microsoft and unix servers. managing ad (active directory) and implement security time to time.managing day to day idrac dell servers and storage and firmware upgradation. time to time upgradation of vsphere.", "job title": "oracle database administrator", "job-duration": "july 2015 to present"}, "location": "morena, madhya pradesh", "education": {"institute": "jaypee university of engineering and technology guna, madhya pradesh && victor convent h.s.school morena, madhya pradesh && victor convent h.s.school morena, madhya pradesh", "school-duration": "2011 to 2015 && july 2014 to august 2014 && 2007 to 2008", "qualification": "b.tech in cse && industrial training && class x"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "170", "skills": "oracle dba,10g/11g (2 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills  database: oracle database administration, sql operating system: windows 7/xp, unix", "work-experience": {"company": "it source india pvt ltd - navi mumbai, maharashtra", "job-description": "ventured into the banking technology as a system integrator for implementing core banking solution. hp provides all kind of support i.e. application, networking, and database to successfully run the project \"star-shakti\" for bank of india. this project is running under the boundaries of system level agreement (sla) on which hp provides the services.  responsibilities: oracle database administrator:  working with production, testing & standby database servers on unix and windows platforms.  upgrading the database from 10.2.0.3 to 11.2.0.4 (10g to 11g)  troubleshooting database issues.  installation of oracle 11g (11.2.0.4) on database server.  silent installation on database server.  installation of sqlt on database server.  applying oracle patches (psu) on database servers.  switchover and switchback of databases.  creating indexes and views.  rebuilding of indexes for better performance, maintenance of oracle databases.  created new user, tablespaces as per the requirement of application team.  assigning roles and privileges or grant to different user.  checking mount points on servers and managing space time to time.  manual creation of oracle database.  incremental backup of database.  restoration of database.  taking metadata of tables, indexes, users, roles.  scheduling cron jobs for database activities.  changing dbid and dbname of database server.  taking awr, ash report.  gather stats of multiple tables. (analyze)  multiplexing control files of database.  shaired server implementation (mts) on oracle database server.  checking execution plans of queries.  manual recovery on dr database server in case log shipment gap.  creting service request (sr) with oracle support.  support to month end, quarter end and year end operation.  sending user review and audit reports to concern team.  raising rfc and change request (cr), and representing the change request in the meeting.", "job title": "oracle database administrator", "job-duration": "january 2015 to present"}, "location": "navi mumbai, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "shivaji university && a.g.high school dapoli", "school-duration": "2014 && 2010", "qualification": "b.e in computer science && h.s.c."}, "resume-summary": "two years working as database administrator in production environment, supporting oracle instances. involve in maintaining high availability, scalability and increase manageability of database with administration, trouble shooting, installation, patching, upgradation and various oracle database related maintenance activities."}, {"candidateid": "171", "skills": "t/sql,pl/sql,sql,ssis,ssrs. (2 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "reena info tech pvt ltd - hyderabad, andhra pradesh && reena info tech pvt ltd - hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "job-description": "title: hospital management information system (hmis) environment: asp .net, c#.net, ajax, css, sql server 2005 team size: 8 client: svs super specialty hospital duration: july 2010 to march 2011  description hospital management information system (hmis) software is a powerful, easy to use and has designed and developed to deliver real conceivable benefits to hospitals and clinics. it covers wide range of hospital administration and management processes. it is integrated to client / web server application. hospital / clinic parameters setting: simple way to create or modify the hospital settings, creating users, defining user privileges', setting up of charges, restricting the entries in a page can be done in few seconds.  functionalities  patient registration system  out patient module  medical records  uploading the data to central system  doctors duty register  users management  medicines management  advanced reports  mailing functionality  responsibilities:  involved in the modules payroll, finance for the development of analysis and code using c#.net  extensively used ado.net objects such as data adapter, data reader, and dataset for reading/inserting/updating/deletion of records in the database.  involved in the all phases of software development life cycle like requirements gathering, analysis, design, implementation and testing.  having best practices like implementing 3-tier architecture, mailing functionality and creating sql server stored procedures.  personal traits:   commitment and smart working.  optimistic and having good time management. && duration: august 2009 to april 2010 -description - c#, asp.net, t/sql, sql and java script -role database devloper  description: -e-banking system is a web based application .the main purpose of this project is to reduce the time of banking transaction. -with the help of this project we perform all the transaction online.  -this project are more secure means unauthorized user cant access to the information of other user, to perform this operation we used ssl layer. -design the database for this project.  -given securities for web pages also means any unauthorized person are not take the information  of other user.  responsibilities  involved in the admin module  implemented user interface using html, css, ajax and javascript  used validation controls in asp.net for validating front-end form  extensively used grid views with sorting and paging  involved in the all phases of software development life cycle like requirements gathering, analysis, design, implementation and testing.  used n-tier architecture for presentation layer, the business and data access layers and were coded using c#.net  project # 2", "job title": "database developer,database administrator && database developer,database administrator", "job-duration": "november 2015 to present && october 2015 to present"}, "location": "hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "rgpv bhopal (m.p.) bhopal, madhya pradesh", "school-duration": "august 2010 to may 2014", "qualification": "be in computer science and engineering"}, "resume-summary": "to be employed in a firm where i can put my technical skills to use in enhancing the database systems and in developing software that will be boost the company's productivity.."}, {"candidateid": "172", "skills": "backup,restore,mirrioring,logshipping,migration.upgradation (3 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills:  rdbms: microsoft sql []  operating systems: windows server [] tools: ssms, scm, profiler", "work-experience": {"company": "unisys - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": "2015  worked as a sql server database administrator for emphasis during june, 2013 to may, 2015.", "job title": "sql server database administrator", "job-duration": "june 2015 to present"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "venkateswara university tirupati, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "bsc in computers"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "173", "skills": "sql server dba, sql server 2012.ssms, ssas,ssis,ssrs (3 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "ibmc india pvt ltd - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": "client: bank of ireland  role: sql server database administrator  environment: window server  database: sql server 2005 ,sql server 2008 & 20082 ,2012 and 2014 ticket tracking tools: maximo incident management & snow(services now) duration: 20 jan 2015 to till date  team size: 08  project description:   the bank of ireland is a commercial bank operation in ireland and one of the traditional 'big four' irish banks. historically the premier banking organization in ireland, the bank occupies a unique position in irish banking history. at the core of the modern-day group is the old bank of ireland.  we are maintaining and provide the dbm support for 1200 sql instance with more then 6000+ databases which include staring from sql server 2000 to sql server 2014.   roles & responsibilities:   responsible for providing l2 level support on priority of the issue to meet client sla. providing dedicated support to client on 24*7. proactively monitoring & resolve p1/p2/p3/p4 incident and service request in queue. daily checking and resolving the tickets depends on the priority levels. performs changes and provide support for the change management.  performing sql server deployment task on production servers . troubleshooting day to day sql server issue. performing daily health check on critical server. recovering the databases from backup in disasters. implementing point-in-time recover solutions. health checks which included (checking state of databases, checking free space on the data as well as log drive, job failures involving ,backups, consistency checks, job failures dueto blocking etc).  monitoring and managing day to day operations by providing services in sql administration  related tasks and ensuring infrastructure is maintained as per the clients requirements creating  customized database as per requirements.  handling conference and bridge with customer and other teams on critical issue.  installation and configuration of new sql server . involved on configure & design new sql server cluster environment .  monitoring day to day backup and fix the issue.  installed service packs and security fix on production, test and development servers.  experience of patching activity on sql server cluster environment.   performing restoration depending once the business requirement  creating users and granting appropriate privileges.   managing user roles and privileges.  implementation of sql logins, roles and authentication modes.   perform day to day database maintenance task , database monitoring, backups, space  management, resource utilization, responsible for performing object, data migration between all production database servers.   coordinating with various team and solve the space issue and performance issue.  shirking log file and databases as per the requirement.   monitoring memory pressure and cpu utilization and io utilization.   monitor log files to proactively resolve issues related to scheduled sql jobs, stored procedures.  monitoring and maintaining the sql jobs running on various servers.   identify blocking issues, deadlocks issues and slow running queries.   worked with ssis & ssrs for various bi requirements.  perform etl package deployment on ssis tool.  schedules new job for ssis packages.  fixing the backup issue on backup tool (tdp,hpdp) with coordinate with other teams.   performing sql test cases on pre production server and newly installed sql server.  perform cirat (complains, issue & risk) related work for sql server.  working experience on apar & sa&d(server activation & deactivation process).", "job title": "sql server database administrator", "job-duration": "january 2015 to present"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "centurion university of technology and management && sundargarh engineering school sundargarh, orissa", "school-duration": "none && none", "qualification": "b. tech && diploma"}, "resume-summary": "seeking a position to utilized my skill and abilities in an it organization that offers challenge and professional growth while being resourceful, innovation and flexible."}, {"candidateid": "174", "skills": "sql server (1 year), sql dba (1 year), linux (1 year), microsoft office (1 year)", "additional-info": "additional information an optimistic individual and team player towards work  ability to continuously strive for improvement in existing processes  strong determination towards life, to do something new  excellent communication, presentation and interpersonal skills  ability to work and handle critical situations proactively  strong troubleshooting and organizational skill  quick learner", "work-experience": {"company": "confidential - contact for further details - hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "job-description": "as a junior dba, technical support will be provided 24x7 as per client requirement for their production environment and remote on-call support, performing day-to-day activities and make sure that server is always accessible and databases are online. installing and configuring hardware as well as software with required raid levels. hands on experience in installing, configuring, managing and patching sql server 2008 and sql server 2014. regular monitoring of databases and servers, which includes server disk space, checking server health, monitoring logs, scheduling backups for execution and ensuring jobs have run successfully. administering the ms sql server by creating user logins with appropriate roles, dropping and locking the logins, monitoring the user accounts, creation of groups, granting the privileges to users and groups. sql authentication. perform full backups and transaction log backups, validating and restore them whenever necessary. providing security at database level as well as server level. installation of linux servers and configuring in a network. monitoring the running threads which were scheduled in linux servers. hands on red hat linux, linux operations, servers. maintaining documentation for every task done.", "job title": "database administrator", "job-duration": "april 2016 to present"}, "location": "hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "mallareddy institute of technology and science secunderabad, andhra pradesh && sr junior college karimnagar, andhra pradesh && sidhartha high school karimnagar, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "2012 to 2016 && 2010 to 2012 && 2009 to 2010", "qualification": "b.tech in computer science && ssc in science && none"}, "resume-summary": "seeking a challenging position in an organization that gives me an immense scope to update my knowledge and skills in accordance with the latest technologies and to take a crucial part in the development of an organization."}, {"candidateid": "175", "skills": "-programming languages : java, .net, php -operating systems : windows xp, linux, ms-dos -packages : microsoft office -rdbms : oracle,ms-sql server", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills  operating system windows [] languages c, c++, java, visual basic.net 2008 databases microsoft sql server 2005", "work-experience": {"company": "tata consultancy services (tcs) - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": " having excellent communication, interpersonal and technical skills   i can adopt with new environment and technology quickly.  proactive and dynamic to work.  current employer company: tata consultancy services project: american express (amex) working from: august 1st role: database administrator  curriculum project: project: question paper generator system role: team member team size: 2 environment: asp.net, ms sql server 2008 description: this system allows universities to generate question papers with random questions using asp.net in visual studio environment. it is helps to generate instant question papers for universities before commencement of exam.", "job title": "database administrator", "job-duration": "august 2016"}, "location": "belgaum, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "rani channamma university belagavi rani, rajasthan && department of pre-university education && board of secondary education && board/institute", "school-duration": "2016 && 2013 && 2011 && none", "qualification": "bca && s.s.l.c && year of passing && none"}, "resume-summary": "aim to be associated with a progressive organization that gives me the scope to share my knowledge and skills in accordance with the latest trends and be a part of team that dynamically works towards the growth of organization and gives the satisfaction thereof."}, {"candidateid": "176", "skills": "mysql (4 years), sql server (4 years), shell scripting (2 years), linux (4 years), mongodb (2 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationsoft skills  logical and analytical thinking ability.  good oral and written skills for communication with customers, fellow employees and superiors  commitment to training and learning.  willingness to take instruction and responsibility.  ability to work independently and as a team member.", "work-experience": {"company": "plumslice lab && cygnet infotech pvt ltd && eclinicalworks pvt ltd && plumslice lab pvt ltd", "job-description": "web site: https://www.plumslice.com plumslice lab is a cloud base software company which provide a suite of web and mobile apps to help ecommerce retailers to manage and sell their products more economically, creatively, and efficiently. designation: database administrator duration: jan-2016 - present  roles & responsibilities:  installed and configured and manage mysql on aws rds linux environments.   database designing, development using stored procedures, views, joins etc and performance enhancement activities.   implementing, administering, troubleshooting and monitoring multiple mysql servers on linux platform.   increased database performance by utilizing mysql configuration changes, multiple instances and by upgrading hardware.   performance tuning of mysql servers and os parameters.   up gradation of mysql database server from one version to higher versions.   daily activity of export import of database object as when required, write report query which generate report(export data in csv) when client require..   migration of mysql database servers to new server.   migrating data from csv files(ecommerce website catalog data) into different tables of database   security hardening of mysql server as per audit requirement.   hand on experience on writing complex store procedure, trigger & function. giving out of the box solution based on requirement such as use archive engine to store historical data, use mysql event scheduler to call sql script like procedure, trigger & function on specific time.   data migration using store procedure from one database to another database.   work on export import of whole catalog of ecommerce web site.   hand on experience use of innodb, myisam, memory & archive engine of mysql.   generate report queries as per the business requirements.   used aws services as requirement to improve web application performance. services like amazon elasticache, amazon rds and amazon s3.  push and pull sql related development to repository as part of scrum method of agile software development.   rebuilding / monitoring the indexes at regular intervals for better performance.   recovering the databases from backup in disasters. implementing point-in-time recovery solutions.   involved in trouble shooting and fine-tuning of databases for its performance and concurrency.   expert in implementing the snapshot isolation and ddl triggers.   responsible for monitoring and making recommendations for performance improvement in hosted databases. this involved index creation, index removal, index modification, file group modifications, and adding scheduled jobs to re-index and update statistics in databases. && web site: http://www.cygnet-infotech.com/ cygnet infotech is a cmmi level 3 it services company having problem solving capabilities and walking the extra mile when needed. it deals with various software development and application development services. designation: database administrator duration: aug-2014 - jan-2016  roles & responsibilities:  administration and management of the entire development, qa and production environment.  assisted with sizing, query optimization, buffer tuning, backup and recovery, installations, upgrades and security including other administration functions as part of profiling plan.  developed stored procedures, triggers in mysql for lowering traffic between servers & clients.  proficiency in unix/linux shell commands.  performed mysql replication setup and administration on master-slave and master-master.  shell script is being used for some data migration and backend work management.  handling release management and user acceptance.  write deployment shell script to deploy application code from one environment to other environment.  perform business analysis, technical analysis, systems design, application software programming.  prepared dfd's & entity relationship(er) diagrams.  restructuring the stored procedure , designing, coding and developing the same using the t_sql programming  performed daily tasks including backup and restore by using sql server 2005 tools like sql server management studio, sql server profiler, sql server agent, and database engine tuning advisor.  extensively worked on data partitioning and snapshot isolation in sql server 2005.  prepared the project management and technical documentation.  solving the bugs reflected by the testing team.  rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  monitored and modified performance using execution plans and index tuning.  rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  extensively worked on dbcc commands and dynamic management objects.  involved in trouble shooting and fine-tuning of databases for its performance and concurrency.  complete documentation about the database. recovering the databases from backup in disasters.  to analyze long running slow queries and tune the same to optimize application and system performance. && web site: https://www.eclinicalworks.com/ eclinicalworks is product base company which provide healthcare solution to us medical physician. designation: database support engineer duration: jan-2013 - aug-2014 roles & responsibilities:  work beyond regular hours based on business demands. provided 24x7 on-call production supports.  involve in configure tomcat, performance monitoring and tuning of the database and tomcat.  performance testing of the database servers and application servers.  troubleshooting mysql/sql server in production environments.  performed query analysis for slow and problematic queries.  database administrator, database programming.  implementation of sql logins, roles and authentication modes as a part of security policies for various categories of users.  rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better performance  designed and implemented comprehensive backup plan and disaster recovery strategies implemented.  involved in trouble shooting and fine-tuning of databases for its performance and concurrency.  monitored and modified performance using execution plans and index tuning.  rebuilding the indexes at regular intervals for better performance.  deploying new code base release to uat and production environments.  perform sql server service pack and windows service pack upgrades.  working with customers on application rollouts and server migrations.  extensively worked on enterprise manager for managing the database.  troubleshoot performance problems and fine-tuning of databases.  involved in index analysis and performance tuning.  recovering the databases from backup in disasters.  to analyze long running slow queries and tune the same to optimize application and system performance.  common tasks:  installation & configuration: effectively installed and configured mysql on linux server. expertise in installing database software and select it from various options in the product to configure it for the purpose it is being deployed. in case of new releases and patches, decided the appropriate ones and installed them.  database designing: involved in architecture designing of complex enterprise applications till completion in terms of database. worked with the engineering/development team to implement new design systems of databases and designed databases for referential integrity by designing logical plans.  query optimization: expertise in database optimization with the help of explain plan. analyzed long running/slow queries and tuned the same to optimize application and system performance. can determine the most efficient way to execute a given query by considering the possible query plans.  replication setup: can effectively configure mysql replication; enable a database to scale to large sizes while still being manageable and available. performed mysql replication setup and administration on master-slave & master-master.  backup & restore: developed, implemented, and periodically tested backup & recovery plans for the databases making sure that the backups are being done as scheduled and include all the files needed to make database recovery possible after a failure. knowledge of how to recover and use the backups to return the database to operational status, as quickly as possible without losing any transactions that were committed in disasters.  failover: possess the knowledge of all strategies to recover from each failover. planned redundant hardware and/or software components, so in case of a database failover, others will keep the total system available to its users. well-versed with techniques like online backups, clustering, replication and standby databases to ensure higher availability.  troubleshooting: when things do go wrong with the database server, can ensure how to quickly ascertain the problem and correct it without losing data or making the situation worse.  report generation: created, tested, and maintained reports for the data warehouse. reports may be specific to a project while others summarize data across multiple projects or multiple clients. &&  4+ years of experience in database administration and development for very large and complex databases in mysql 5x, sql server 2012, sql server 2008r2, 2008, 2005 and mongodb. presently working with plumslice lab pvt ltd as database administrator.  experience in database administration, design, development, maintenance and production support of relational databases, new server setup, mysql, sql server installation, upgradation and migration.  experience in replication set up, database optimization, performance tuning, developing stored procedures, triggers, cursors, joins, views and t-sql  strong mysql & sql server skills along with significant general system administration skills on  implemented the new sql server 2012 mechanisms like data compression, online indexing, contained databases, security principals and aag.  worked extensively on clustering and server consolidation. troubleshooting production issues and raising high availability.  experience in disaster recovery planning and security management operations.  proficiency and expertise in mysql & sql server replication, backup/recovery, disaster recovery and planning.  worked on configuring mysql server with minimum privileged access.  troubleshoot performance problems, fine-tuning of databases and index analysis.  experience in batch processes, import, export, backup, database monitoring tools and application support.  experience in supporting very large databases (vldb) and troubleshooting the problems.  strong experience in mentoring team members and writing documentation.  24 x 7 production database on call support.   strong experience in data modeling and different tools like mysql workbench, heidi sql, sqlyog, toad etc. expertise in technical documentation such as project plans, development strategy, user manual, test and implementation strategy, complemented by sound understating of project management.  experience in identifying existing problems and vulnerabilities, and developing remediation and maintenance plans to keep databases running at an optimal capacity. capable of providing anytime support by continuously monitoring critical systems with fast response times.  possess the ability to interact and communicate well with various levels of clients and understand their unique business needs. ensure a successful client communication via actively listening, probing questions and providing apt solutions. experienced in strategic planning with a good sense of translating strategic visions of clients into workable action plans.  using amazon elasticache web service improve improves the performance of web applications by allowing you to retrieve information from fast, managed, in-memory data stores, instead of relying entirely on slower disk-based databases.  experience in scrum method of agile software development(sprint).  experience of jira, svn and git", "job title": "database administrator && database administrator && database support engineer && database administrator", "job-duration": "january 2016 to present && august 2014 to january 2016 && january 2013 to august 2014 && 2005 to 2008"}, "location": "ahmedabad, gujarat", "education": {"institute": "saurashtra university", "school-duration": "2009", "qualification": "bachelor of computer application in computer application"}, "resume-summary": "to work with a progressive organization to pursue a career as dba which provides me with ample opportunities to implement and enhance my abilities."}, {"candidateid": "177", "skills": "oracle rac dba 11g/12c, oracle golden gate 12c (3 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationsummary of technical skills:  clustered (rac 11gr2 & 12c) database perspective technical skills   having 3+years of it experience as an oracle dba.  installation of grid infrastructure 11g and 12c software on unix, linux platforms.  installation of oracle 10g, 11g and 12c software on unix, linux and windows platforms.  creating, configuring and administering 10g and 11g database.  creating, configuring and administering 12c container & pluggable database.  database creation by estimating and analyzing the future requirements.  upgrading oracle non clustered databases from oracle 10g to 11g and 11g to 12c.  ability to work on multiple technologies like unix, linux and windows platform.  database monitoring which includes basic health checks, growth of objects, and performance of the database.  performing backup, restore and recovery using rman.  refreshing and cloning of databases using rman.  implementing disaster recovery setup on physical/logical standby databases)  maintaining broken sync between primary & standby database by applying incremental and archive log backup.  refresh database, tablespace, users, and tables using data pump / original exp-imp.  good working knowledge of srvctl and crsctl commands to maintain clustered databases.  good knowledge of user management and tablespace management  developing various database backup & recovery strategies using cold & hot backup.  restoring & recovering cluster pre-prod database from production database backup.  experience in troubleshooting and resolving database problems.  database reorganization, flashback technology.  working and good conceptual knowledge on 11gr2 & 12c rac.  experience in handling tickets and scheduled change requests and service requests using bmc remedy tool.  having knowledge of working with oracle support service request.  oracle 12c golden gate perspective skill   very good understanding architecture of oracle golden gate and its components (extract (change capture), replicat (delivery), extract (pump))  installing, configuring and preparing the environment for golden gate.  configuring the manager process, change capture extract, replicat and extract pump.  identify the prerequisites before initiating an initial load  configuring the initial load in both method: (i) direct method (without file to replicat) (ii) with file to replicat method  extract trail files and its distribution and cleanup.  having good knowledge, where and how to use global parameters and process parameters.  data selection and filtering using where clause, filter clause and various functions.  configuring other important options like extract file compression, message encryption and password encryption.  identifying prerequisite for online synchronization in unidirectional and bidirectional.  configuring the online synchronization in unidirectional.  configuring the online synchronization in bidirectional.  preventing the data looping and conflict for online synchronization in bidirectional.  ddl replication requirement and limitation.  ddl replication scope, parameters and option.  having good communication and interpersonal skills to interact well with colleagues in producing result-oriented methodologies.", "work-experience": {"company": "nwr - hyderabad, andhra pradesh && dupont & chemorus && estee lauder corporation && uclid it school hyderabad - hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "job-description": "team size 10 environment (with skill versions)  platform: linux, sun solaries, aix database: oracle 10g and 11g, 12c software tools & utilities: sql developer, data pump, rman and exp/imp, data pump (expdp/impdp), dbv, toad, putty   working in productions & non-productions environment.  installing oracle 10g, 11g, 12c software & database creation on unix & windows platform.  restoring & recovering cluster pre-prod database from production database backup.  creating, administering and modifying 12c cdbs and pdbs.  creating, removing, altering and configuring pluggable databases (pdbs) as per requirement.  creating the local users and local roles in pluggable databases.  creating the global users and global roles in root container databases.  creating and managing services associated with pdbs.  granting the local privileges, roles to local users in pluggable databases.  changing the parameters value for root container database as per requirement.  enable the auditing at database, object and statement level.  purging the aud$ and fga_log$ auditing tables periodically.  creating the auto job for archiving and purging the auditing data.  administrating and maintaining the 10g, 11g cluster databases.  monitoring & configuring database using cloud control oem.  adding disk and managing asm disk groups.   installing, configuring and maintaining the 12c golden gate.  preparing the golden gate environment as per requirement.  configuring manager process, extract (capture), replicate (delivery), extract (pump) as per requirement.  adding, removing and modifying oracle golden gate parameters.  implementing the prerequisite for initial load using direct method.  configuring the extract & replicat for initial load using direct method.  implementing the prerequisite for online synchronization in unidirectional.  configuring the extract (capture), replicat (delivery) and extract (pump) for online synchronization in unidirectional.  implementing the prerequisite for ddl replication.  configuring the ddl replication for online synchronization in unidirectional.  location: hyderabad gulasan kumar mishra && team size 7 environment (with skill versions)  platform: linux, sun solaris database: oracle 9i, 10g and 11g, 12c software tools & utilities: sql developer, data pump, rman and exp/imp, data pump (expdp/impdp), dbv, toad, putty   working with more than 200 databases including productions & non-productions.  installing oracle 10g, 11g & database creation on unix platform.  applying cpu patches on databases.  migrating databases from existing datacenter to new datacenter.  updating parameter values in parameter files.  checking of oracle alert logs and see whether there are any oracle errors requiring action.  scheduling backup and statistics jobs.  periodic trimming of oracle system log files and removal of old redo log archives  monitoring oracle backup schedule and completion of backup activity.  taking manual hot backup of tablespaces and databases.  performing transportable tablespace activity.  monitoring and managing the mount point space usage, table space growth.  database refresh with hot /cold backup  managing tablespace and addition/ resize of data files.  performing database refresh, tablespace, schema and refresh with data pump.  creation and managing the user accounts, privileges and profiles  generating and observing awr reports.  implementation of datagaurd setup with standby database;  performing redo log gap resolution in standby database.  maintaining and troubleshooting large databases, during the business off hours and over the weekends.  monitor the databases using cloud control enterprise manager.  pushing the agent to monitor the new created database.  adding the newly created database for monitoring in cloud control oem.  project 3 ---- && team size 8 environment (with skill versions)  platform: unix and aix database: oracle 9i, 10g and 11g software tools: sql developer, data pump, rman and exp/imp, data pump (expdp/impdp), dbv   installing oracle 11g software and database creation on linux.  checking of oracle alert logs and see whether there are any oracle errors requiring action.  periodic trimming of oracle's related log files and removal of old redo log archives  monitoring oracle backup schedule and completion of backup activity.  monitoring and managing the mount point space usage, table space growth.  managing tablespace and addition/ resize of data files.  performing database refresh, schema refresh in across database.  creation and managing the user accounts, privileges and profiles  implementation of datagaurd setup with physical standby database;  performing redo log gap resolution in standby database.  taking incremental backup to maintain the sync resolution.  recover the database using incremental backup.  rebuilding the index on the basis database object's demand.  project 2 ---- && for 6 months.  working as associate professional oracle dba in csc india pvt ltd. hyderabad since 6 aug 2014 to till date.  technical proficiency:  os sun solaris, aix, unix, linux (rhel4/5), windows98/2007, 08 programming languages sql, basic pl/sql rdbms oracle 10g/11g/12c package ms office 2000 scripting basic perl scripting  training attended:  module institution duration sql dba training csc india ltd 30 days 12c database new features & administration oracle corporation 10 days golden gate oracle corporation 15 days oracle exadata (csc) oracle corporation 15 days  achievenents:  csc india pvt ltd. winner of spot award in february 2016  project details:  project 1---", "job title": "database administrator && database administrator && database administrator && oracle dba trainer", "job-duration": "april 2016 to present && june 2015 to march 2016 && august 2014 to may 2015 && february 2014 to august 2014"}, "location": "hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "ignou && ignou", "school-duration": "none && none", "qualification": "mca && bca"}, "resume-summary": "having 3+years of experience as an oracle dba, providing support on test, development and production environments. a result oriented, self-motivated and well organized individual having abilities in administering and maintaining databases along with motivating individuals and teams for success."}, {"candidateid": "178", "skills": "oracle dba(10g), sql, pl/sql, forms, reports (6 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationajoy samanta  bh-99, krishnopur, mazerpara, [] india  contact: [] email: ajoy.samanta@gmail.com ,skipe:ajoy.samanta2 ________________________________________ software engineer  seeking challenging & rewarding opportunities across the industry ________________________________________ profile  a technically competent professional with 6.04 years of experience in the field of developing, supporting and implementing of programming in oracle project operations and software development, currently working as sr. programmer with neelkanth digital infonet pvt. ltd., chandigarh.  equipped with the knowledge of various software, organizing technical demonstrations, with sound understanding and skill of creating new software & systems, designing, analysis, testing, database development and coding for modules while structuring customized solutions to meet customers specific needs.  knowledge of all phases of software development life cycle (sdlc) with good understanding of system study, client interaction, coordination, development and implementation of application software. adept at mapping clients requirements, analyzing and translating business requirements to technical requirements and architecture.  exceptional analytical, troubleshooting organizational, communication, prioritization, and problem solving and leadership skills with ability to create and sustain high work tempo. industrious, thrives on a challenge while working effectively with all levels of management and the people therein.  technical expertise operating systems : suse linux (thin-clink), windows xp & unix aix for ibm server.  languages : oracle rac, high availability, rman, datagaurd, oracle project operations and software development. dbms/rdbms : oracle 9i database , oracle10g database and oracle 11g database  tools : forms & reports builder 6i&10g, sql*plus, toad, oracle pl/sql developer, procedure builder,  oracle 10g report builder, oracle expess edition, oracle enterprise manager, dbca, dbua, rman, sqlldr,  impdp, expdp  protocol : oracle 8i clint, ws-ftp pro32, crt  area of expertise  expertise in developing of procedure, function, cursor, package, trigger etc. in pl/sql and exception handling.  understanding the project life cycle.  developing various types of transaction forms and reports using forms & reports builder 6i&10g  clearing heap-dump.txt and javacore.txt file of using ws-ftp pro32  customization of existing application forms & reports made by forms & reports builder 6i&10g.  testing the application by making test case and bug fixing the same.  data load and unloading activities from oracle table to flat file and vice-versa.  given client training regarding the application.   handle task allocation, resource administration and task progress monitoring as per pre-defined schedules.   report progress to the higher management and ensure system members finish allocated tasks on time.   development, debugging and troubleshooting of the software.   installation the database from oracle universal installer(oui)  creating new database from oracle database configuration assistance (dbca) and new tablespace and user into the database.  grant the privileges and roles to the users.  importing and exporting the .dmp file into the database.  taking backup and recovery through rman. ________________________________________ professional experience neelkanth digital infonet pvt ltd, chandigarh since june 2014 ecentric solution pvt ltd, new delhi may 2013  may 2014 senior programmer cum dba  responsible for act as an architect for designing new infrastructure and looking after the complete life cycle of the projects; adhering to all compliance and auditing process.  installing and upgrading the oracle server and application tools.  allocating system storage and planning future storage requirements for the database system   managing primary database structures (tablespaces) and primary objects (tables, views, indexes)  identify areas of implementing new schemes to make the insurance process more effective and productive and performing required analysis for the concerned requirements.  accountable for developing & implementing new policy schemes, new commission, new innovations and process efficiencies to improve the existing process.  creating web services to generate data form different units at the front end and generating reports based on the filter used by the user.   handling requirements gathering from the client and preparing the requirement specifications documents of the module assigned.  creating detailed design documents and unit test case documents of the module assigned.  carrying out the understanding & analyses of client requirement; designing concept document of requirement.   managing construction & quality assurance, support & all client communication including unit testing and defect fixing  taking backup and recovery through rman  maintain oracle rac, high availability, rman, datagaurd and oracle project operations projects handled project module central board for excise and customs(import and export) ,new delhi, india customer national informatic center(nic-cbec) ,new delhi, india period may 2013 to till date. role customization of reports and maintenance of an existing system module called database administrator and testing anything in test database before doing it in live database environment sql, pl/sql, oracle 11g, forms & reports builder 10g, suse linux and thin-clint, vmware6.0. protex computer private ltd, kolkata nov 2010  april 2013 software engineer projects handled project module material management system(mms) ,ranchi, jharkhand customer i. central coalfield ltd(ccl) ,ranchi, jharkhand ii. mahanadi coalfield ltd (mcl), sambalpur, orissa period november 2010 to april 2013 role new development and customization of reports and maintenance of an existing system module called coal net engineer as a system in charge and creating test database and testing anything in test database before doing it in live database solution environment  sql,pl/sql,oracle 9i, forms & reports builder 6i, core java, jsp tools  office2003, office-7, [] pl/sql developer 7.0.1, toad 9.6.1., reports & forms builder 6i, apache, tomcat 5.5 . protocols oracle 8i clint, ws-ftp pro32.  project module diagnostic module, medical record module, inventory management module in lekhisoft project customer debipur netralaya pvt. ltd. (kolkata) period july 2009 to october 2010 role development and customization of diagnostic, medical record & inventory management module solution environment sql,pl/sql,oracle 8i clint, reports builder 6i tools sql * plus [] oracle sql developer v1.1.7,toad  linkcon infotech private ltd, kolkata july 2009 - october 2010 junior software developer ________________________________________ academia mba (it system) may2015 sikkim manipal university, gangtok from ambit, kolkata, (59.18%)  b.tech (cse) 2009 west bengal university of technology, kolkata from institute of engineering & management (iem), (7.53 dgpa)  diploma in cst (polytechnic) 2006  west bengal state council of technical education, kolkata from bengal institute of technology, katwa, (69.40%) higher secondary (12th) 2002 west bengal council of higher secondary education, kolkata from jangalpara bckm high school, hooghly, (46.30%) madhyamik (10th) 2000 west bengal board of secondary education (wbbse), kolkata from gotan s.m. high school, burdwan, (68.13%) certifications  oracle database 10g real applications clusters (rac) administrator  oracle certified professional (ocp) in oracle 10g   oracle certified associate (oca) in oracle 10g  oracle database sql certified expert  pursuing rhce (linux 7) ________________________________________ personal details date of birth: 14th july 1983 passport no: [] [] to [] references: available on request", "work-experience": {"company": "velocis systems pvt. ltd. - kolkata, west bengal && neelkanth digital infonet pvt. ltd - kolkata, west bengal && ecentric solution pvt. ltd. - new delhi, delhi && protex computer pvt. ltd. - kolkata, west bengal && linkcon infotech / linkcon llc - kolkata, west bengal", "job-description": "i am working here as oracle database administrator level - 3 on cbec project onsite at customs office on ices 1.5 module from 1st may'2013 to present. && i am working here as senior programmer on cbec project onsite at customs office on ices 1.5 module from 1st may'2013 to present, kolkata, west bengal, india. && responsibilities i worked here as a dba. && there i have worked as software engineer. && usa, kolkata.", "job title": "database administrator l3 && senior programmer cum dba && senior programmer && software engineer && jr.software developer", "job-duration": "september 2016 to present && june 2014 to august 2016 && may 2013 to may 2014 && november 2010 to april 2013 && july 2009 to october 2010"}, "location": "kolkata, west bengal", "education": {"institute": "sikkim manipal univercity gangtalk && institute of engineering & management kolkata, west bengal && west bengal state council of technical education kolkata, west bengal && jangalpara b.c.k.m high school && gotan s.m high school", "school-duration": "2013 to 2015 && 2006 to 2009 && 2006 to 2009 && 2002 && 2000", "qualification": "mba in it-system && bachelor of engineering in computer science && diploma in computer science & engineering && none && none"}, "resume-summary": "i want oracle technology job."}, {"candidateid": "179", "skills": "sql development support &performance analysis and fine tuning and all kinds of l3 server administration for mssql server, experience with working in all latest sql server versions (2012, 2014 & 2016), oracle and mysql databases asp.net & vb application developments. (8 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "vernalis systems pvt ltd - chennai, tamil nadu && kg financial softwares ltd - coimbatore, tamil nadu", "job-description": "working as senior database administrator as well as team leader of dba team. && job responsibilities:   involved in technical decisions for business requirement, interaction client team, development team, capacity planning and upgrading of sql servers.  created logins, users, groups, roles, jobs, alerts, mails confirmation upon tasks for development environment.  performed database consistency checks with dbcc , defrag, index tuning   involved in auditing and performing the transactions to database and resolve the issues with performance monitor and sql profiler and used perfmonfor monitoring and performing network throughput issues.  resolved issues for mission critical high usage of system cpu, disk, deadlocks and transaction per/sec, memory.  involved in developing stored procedures, triggers, and other pl/sql& t-sql scripts.  performed regular database maintenance task, checking the disk defrag procedures in development environment  used index tuning advisor for database performance for proper indexes.  involved in upgrading of existing servers from sql server 2005 to sql server 2008/r2.  involved in performance tuning of the sql server for web based production and development environments  involved in application development by individual as well as support to team for database administrative tools (dataconsole, data archival & data monitoring) developments.  performed testing for concurrency, load tests for application performance by use utilities like loadrunner.  prepared documentations for benchmarking of application and database objects performances.   technical lead to development team for end user development applications (vba -macros in ms office packages) on client place.", "job title": "senior database administrator && database administrator(sql server)", "job-duration": "september 2014 to present && april 2011 to july 2014"}, "location": "chennai, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "sri vasavi college erode, tamil nadu && sri vasavi college, erode,bharathiyar university coimbatore, tamil nadu erode, tamil nadu", "school-duration": "2005 to 2008 && 1995 to 1998", "qualification": "mca in computer science && bsc in physics"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "180", "skills": "oracle dba (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationskills profile: hardware: sun sparc series, hpunix, ibm servers operating system: unix (sun sparc solaris, hp-ux 9.x, aix, windows 2008 tools / utilities: recovery manager, goldengate11g/12c, dbverify, exp/imp, expdp/impdp, server manager, tkprof, and oem database: oracle 11g/10g on unix and nt  oracle rac dba experience  architecting, planning, designing, developing, deploying and supporting rac/asm environment  installing & configuring oracle clusterware & database software  testing and benchmarked the application prior to going into production to determine its effects on ges and gcs with special focus on load testing for interconnect traffic.  worked with customer for different rac related issue  troubleshoot performance issues for the rac instances (gc events)  backup and recovery issues related (loss of ocr, voting disk and oracle clusterware) & also issues with corruption of individual disk data blocks, loss of os configuration files, loss of net configuration files. also used the merge backup for backing terabyte databases. issues with block change tracking & also flash recovery area.  resolved/diagnose node eviction.  upgrade of 10g r2 rac to 11g r2 rac  add or remove node from rac.", "work-experience": {"company": "sabre travel technologies && ibm india pvt ltd && hcl technologies && free lancer ltd", "job-description": "as a sr. database administrator, i am responsible for administration of all oracle databases at b&n.  design and implemented data center migration for over 18 tb edw databases.  upgraded 10.2.0.4 two node rac asm database to 11g r2 two node rac asm  advanced backup and recovery using oracle's rman software; used offline/online for recovery in a production environment via korn shell scripting.  mentor other dbas in effective use of rman software, and my scripts.  ongoing proactive database-level performance tuning, with a good working knowledge of oracle internals.  data center migration using data guard.  implemented high availability using golden gate replication. implanted bi-directional replication using golden gate.  implemented stream, golden gates for active-active replication between the datacenter for high availability.  currently helping team to use existing infrastructure to achieve maximum benefit to reduce cost and maximum performance.  actively working with other teams for server consolidation & database consolidation.  changes were made dynamically whenever possible to fulfill high-availability requirements.  enforced need of regular data purging processes from production, design and development, to deployment.  implemented and maintained oracle 10g/11g data guard/standby databases for fail-over purposes.  propagation from primary to standby via automated scripts, and sometimes uses standby databases to immediately restore primary database.  experience with 'graceful' switchover and switchback between primary and standby databases.  replicated to a disaster recovery site for increased server manageability and availability.  participated in development of enterprise-wide security standard methodology, and ongoing deployment.  installation of rac and managing rac environment efficiently  proficient in rac performance tuning.  create and maintain materialized views.  implementing and maintaining database security (create and maintain users, roles and assign privileges)  database tuning, application tuning & performance monitoring. fine tuning initialization parameters, i/o, memory and operating system kernel parameters.  managed appropriate use of freespace within tablespaces, reclaimed space whenever possible. reorganized tables and indexes within databases when needed.  monitored the production oracle alert logs for database errors.  monitored system resource availability and responded to system memory and data issues.  expert with oem grid control. && as a lead database administrator, i am responsible for administration of over 300 oracle databases.  leading the team of 15 dbas.  design and implemented data center migration for over 13 tb edw databases.  advanced backup and recovery using oracle's rman software; used offline/online for recovery in a production environment via korn shell scripting.  mentor other dbas in effective use of rman software, and my scripts.  ongoing proactive database-level performance tuning, with a good working knowledge of oracle internals.  migrate over 13 tb data using data guard technology.  supporting data warehouse database i.e. over 13 tb in size.  installation of oracle & create clustered databases using aix hacmp technology and veritas cluster on solaris 9.  currently helping client to use existing infrastructure to achieve maximum benefit to reduce cost and maximum performance.  actively working with client for server consolidation & database consolidation.  changes were made dynamically whenever possible to fulfill high-availability requirements.  enforced need of regular data purging processes from production, design and development, to deployment.  implemented and maintained oracle 10g data guard/standby databases for fail-over purposes.  propagation from primary to standby via automated scripts, and sometimes uses standby databases to immediately restore primary database.  experience with 'graceful' switchover and switchback between primary and standby databases.  replicated to a disaster recovery site for increased server manageability and availability.  participated in development of enterprise-wide security standard methodology, and ongoing deployment.  installation of rac and managing rac environment efficiently  proficient in rac performance tuning.  create and maintain materialized views.  implementing and maintaining database security (create and maintain users, roles and assign privileges)  database tuning, application tuning & performance monitoring. fine tuning initialization parameters, i/o, memory and operating system kernel parameters.  managed appropriate use of freespace within tablespaces, reclaimed space whenever possible. reorganized tables and indexes within databases when needed.  monitored the production oracle alert logs for database errors.  monitored system resource availability and responded to system memory and data issues.  expert with oem grid control. && as a sr. database administrator, i am responsible for administration of 10 oracle databases.  working in 24x7 production environment and provided on-call and day-to-day support.  providian is the 5th largest financial credit card firm in usa.  sales performance analysis and bench marking. identify the bottleneck of performance of the existing sales system; build using oracle 8.1.6 as a database. the back office system for processing of credit cards.  installation and implementation of the oracle8.1.6 on sun solaris.  advanced backup and recovery using oracle's rman software; used offline/online for recovery in a production environment via korn shell scripting.  ongoing proactive database-level performance tuning, with a good working knowledge of oracle internals.  changes were made dynamically whenever possible to fulfill high-availability requirements.  maintained standby databases, in both local and remote locations, for fail-over purposes.  replicated to a disaster recovery site for increased server manageability and availability.  implementing and maintaining database security (create and maintain users, roles and assign privileges)  database tuning, application tuning & performance monitoring. fine tuning initialization parameters, i/o, memory and operating system kernel parameters.  managed appropriate use of freespace within tablespaces, reclaimed space whenever possible. reorganized tables and indexes within databases when needed.  monitored the production oracle alert logs for database errors.  monitored system resource availability and responded to system memory and data issues.  expert with oem diagnostics & tuning packs. && client: different clents shared support  role & responsibility: database administrator  manage the database for over 40g size.  implement the automated hot backup scripts for the daily full backup created in korn shell.  ongoing proactive database-level performance tuning, with a good working knowledge of oracle internals.  changes were made dynamically whenever possible to fulfill high-availability requirements.  maintained standby databases, in both local and remote locations, for fail-over purposes.  replicated to a disaster recovery site for increased server manageability and availability.  implementing and maintaining database security (create and maintain users, roles and assign privileges)  database tuning, application tuning & performance monitoring. fine tuning initialization parameters, i/o, memory and operating system kernel parameters.  managed appropriate use of freespace within tablespaces, reclaimed space whenever possible. reorganized tables and indexes within databases when needed.  monitored the production oracle alert logs for database errors and system resource availability and responded to system memory and data issues.  expert with oem event and job managers, change manager, diagnostics & tuning packs.  tuning, with a good working knowledge of oracle internals.  changes were made dynamically whenever possible to fulfill high-availability requirements.  maintained standby databases, in both local and remote locations, for fail-over purposes.  replicated to a disaster recovery site for increased server manageability and availability.  implementing and maintaining database security (create and maintain users, roles and assign privileges)  database tuning, application tuning & performance monitoring. fine tuning initialization parameters, i/o, memory and operating", "job title": "sr. database administrator && oracle dba && oracle dba && free lancer ltd", "job-duration": "september 2015 to present && november 2014 to september 2015 && february 2014 to august 2014 && march 2012 to january 2014"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "meenakshi college of engineering", "school-duration": "2011", "qualification": "master of computer applications in computer applications"}, "resume-summary": "have over 5 years of focused experience in it industry in various fields like banking, insurance, financial, retail and manufacturing. extensive experience in relational database design, analysis, modeling, development, administration, implementation, trouble shooting and quality management. comprehensive experience as oracle dba; proficient in oracle 10g/11g software installations, migrations, database capacity planning, automated backup implementation, tuning oracle 11g/10g/ on unix and windows nt platform. involved with architect group in designing the logical and physical model of the databases. thorough understanding of the oracle data dictionary. have good experience in unix administration, shell scripting. have impeccable communication and interpersonal skills and an exceptional team player. managing the team of oracle dbas and actively coordinated with the end user community."}, {"candidateid": "181", "skills": "oracle,oracle apps (4 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills  oracle e-business suite: oracle e-business suite 11i & r12 databases: oracle 10g/11g operating systems: solaris, redhat linux 4.0 oracle tools: toad, sql*loader publisher tools/utilities: putty, vnc, oam, oem  project profile  project #1  client: aco corporation, new york usa role: oracle applications dba environment: oracle applications 11i and r12 duration: may 2014 to october 2016.  description: aco corporation - a fully integrated manufacturing and supplier based company. aco have so many customers through america and europe. aco producer of wood furniture parts to provide a reliable source of veneers, plywood products, and other wood components to the furniture and wood working industries. in a team of 6 members providing 24x7 productions supports for total 150 sql servers, 80 are production servers and rest are development and qa servers.  responsibilities:   performing daily health checks.  cloned the instances for the patch and development.  cloned multi-node instances to single node.  applying patches on cloning instances.  applying day to day application maintenance patches.  cloned the instances using manual cloning method when needed  planning and maintaining database backups and prepared the backup and recovery strategy.  responsible to take offline/online and rman backups and to recover when needed.  monitoring concurrent manager activities such as submitting concurrent requests and administer concurrent managers.  creation of user accounts and granting privileges to users.  expertise in monitoring the activities through various tools such as oem, oam.  interacted to with whole team to upgrade applications from 11.5.10 to 12.0.1 to 12.1.1  well versed in using ad utilities like ad patch, adadmin, ad relink, adctrl, adconfig for oracle applications.  using fndcpass utility for changing schema passwords.  resolved few apps issues by compiling invalid objects, relinking the apps executables and applying monitoring tablespace spaces, alert log and trace files based on the alerts received through email such as creating or modifying users, assigning responsibilities to users and running requests. project #2 client: sprint telecom role: oracle dba environment: red hat enteprise linux server with oracle 10g duration: jun 2012 to apr 2014 description:  sprint corporation is a united states based holding company that operates multiple wire line and wireless networks serving consumer and business in the united states, puerto rico and usa. sprint nextel, through its various subsidiaries, offers services under the sprint, virgin mobile. sprint is a tier 1 global internet access service provider. responsibilities:  os and oracle 11g installation, configuration.  oracle database designing, creation and configuration.  based on documentation and discussions, designing the database.  creation of associated database objects including tables, indexes, views, etc.  perform tablespace management and user management.  creating & adding data files to table spaces.  managing all daily database maintenance issues.  creating database roles & assigning privileges to the roles.  performing schema refreshes from prod to test.  performing datapump operations.  applying rdbms patches for bugs using opatch utility.  automated several processes like daily logical backup and physical backup.  taking backups using rman.  monitoring the database with oracle enterprise manager (oem)  cleaning the udump, cdump, bdump directories of large core files, user dumps.  working with flashback technology.  resolving connectivity problems with oracle database.  setting up tns connectivity between client workstation & oracle server.", "work-experience": {"company": "wsi it solutions pvt ltd - hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "job-description": "worked as an associate administrator with wsi it solutions pvt ltd. from jun 2012 to apr 2014.", "job title": "oracle database administrator", "job-duration": "may 2014 to present"}, "location": "dubai, ae", "education": {"institute": "kakatiya university && senior secondary && kvm girls high school", "school-duration": "none && none && none", "qualification": "b.tech in cse && none && none"}, "resume-summary": "seeking a position as an oracle administrator which offers key participation, team work task, for a challenging technical position in the information technology industry, which will allow me to exercise and enhance my skills in oracle database administration field."}, {"candidateid": "182", "skills": "c c++ c# sql, c c++ c# sql", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills  programming languages: c, c++, sql web technologies: html, xml web designing technologies: html, css operating systems: linux (ubuntu), windows databases: mysql, oracle 11g  communication skills hindi native proficiency english professional working proficiency", "work-experience": {"company": "rsystems international - noida, uttar pradesh", "job-description": "worked on oracle as a database administrator for six weeks in internship.", "job title": "database administrator ( 2 months internship )", "job-duration": "june 2016 to july 2016"}, "location": "ghaziabad, uttar pradesh", "education": {"institute": "inderprastha engineering college ghaziabad, uttar pradesh", "school-duration": "august 2013 to april 2017", "qualification": "btech in computer science"}, "resume-summary": "to pursue a rewarding career in challenging and healthy work environment, where i could learn and improve my skills and contribute to the progress of organization."}, {"candidateid": "183", "skills": "oracle application dba (10+ years)", "additional-info": "additional informationmentor the team, project planning, server capacity planning, production go live support, monthly release support. handle the client meetings, deliver the objects in time, work commitments, take the ownership the work...  knowledge in oracle core dba,oracle apps dba, weblogic,soa admin,  knowledge in networking and hardware , edp department mis reports, edp department day to day activities like maintenance existing setup hardware / networking / instances/amc contracts / firewall contracts/ antivirus ../ procurements of the servers ..getting the best price quotation's from different vendors and analyze the quotes.. / new software implementing and giving the trainings......   good domain knowledge in manufacturing company...", "work-experience": {"company": "ibm global services pvt ltd - hyderabad, andhra pradesh && pitti laminations ltd - hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "job-description": "rel-exp : 10+ years  summary:    expertise in oracle erp applications dba and oracle core dba  coordination with erp technical/functional team (offshore & onsite )  experience in installing, configuring and administering oracle application 11i and r12 and oracle core database instances on ibm aix pseries servers , red hat linux and windows servers  planning and designing databases, applications including designing local structures and forecasting further expansions (capacity planning).  experience to manage it infrastructure  erp project implementation exposure included modules (ap,ar,gl,hrms,fa,inv,po,wip,pa)  good functional domain knowledge in manufacturing sector  worked as apps dba on diverse platforms on oracle databases included ibm aix, red hat linux and windows   experience on hardware & networking lan/wan  experience information system department activities like system/server amc, client / vendor meetings & follow-ups.  proficient in scheduling jobs, patching and database administration through oem.  extensive apps dba experience in implementation, upgrade and support projects  experience work in single node and multi node systems.  attend the erp team & client internal meetings on the project progress  managed very large databases in 24/7 production environments.  database up gradation in oracle applications ( 9i to 10g , 10g to 11g)  oracle application & database cloning & refreshing.  configure the oracle alerts using oem  b-alert call trigger for production p1 issues, and co-ordinate all the stakeholders  configured standby database using data guard  configure the daily automatic database backup schedules using rman (recovery manager)  knowledge in real application cluster and asm  knowledge in application manager (am8) job scheduled tool  knowledge in weblogic application server admin  knowledge in soa suite admin  knowledge in oracle apps ebiz 12.2.x new features.  knowledge in vcp and obiee  proficient in use of tools like sql loader, oracle enterprise manager, developer/2000, discoverer.  extensive experience in oracle applications releases(11i and r12i), oracle databases(7.x,8.x,8i.x,9i.x and 10g.x 11g.x), database design and configuration,   good knowledge of tkprof and statpack/awr required for application tuning.  worked with oracle support through p1 sr(tar) to resolve issues  system/database administrations, backup and recovery, performance tuning, customization and load balancing.  oracle application dba support, applying patches, mini-packs, family-packs and maintenance packs, rup/cpu patches, cloning, upgrades, multi-tier installations, automatic routines dba task, periodic refreshes. troubleshoot problems with web server, web listener, forms server, concurrent managers and database etc.,  present designation:   presently working as sr.oracle apps dba lead , supporting oracle production and development apps&database servers in ibm india pvt ltd, (an cmm level 5 software company) hyderabad, since july2011    previous experience in the pitti laminations ltd (electrical manufacturing iso 2000 company), hyderabad in different positions are db programmer, core dba, sr. apps dba, asst.manager it (dba)  since july2001 to july2011. && experience in the pitti laminations ltd (electrical manufacturing iso 2000 company), hyderabad in different positions are db programmer, core dba, sr. apps dba, asst.manager it (dba)  since july2001 to july2011.  project title : oracle erp support.  organization : pitti laminations limited  www.pittielectriclam.com software : oracle e business suite 11i. (11.5.10.2)  support duration : july-2009 to july-2011 team size : 12 role : asst.manager  it (dba)  job role in apps dba 11i & r12 :    oracle 11i apps installation on ibm aix p series servers, red hat linux servers & windows 2003 server.  installation and configuring of oracle apps release 12.1.2 on linux server.  procurement of hardware infrastructure ( ibm p-series servers / storage san boxes etc.,)  involved the erp go-live process.   co-ordination with erp technical/functional team   giving the day to day apps dba support for 11i & r12 instances.  administered oracle applications on (multi node and single node).  applying patches ( rup 7 , dbi 7.3, financials g family packs )  cloning oracle apps 11i & database using rman hot backup.  creating custom top.  database upgradation 9.2.0.6 to 10.2.0.4 in oracle apps 11i.  database upgradation 10.2.0.4 to 11.1.0.7 in oracle apps 11i.  changing apps password using fndcpass  compiling forms and apps schema   re-linking executable for ad module and also for rest of the products using adding utility  purge the workflow obsolete data, monitoring log files.  concurrent manager administration and troubleshooting  workflow notification mailer configuration.  resolving database and application issues with help of oracle support.  applying india localization patches as per the customer requirement.  performed oracle apps & db patching  excellent remote systems support and trouble shooting capabilities.  extensive uses of ad utilities like adpatch, adctrl, adrelink, adadmin, adident, autoconfig for   maintenance of oracle application.  role in 10g/11g dba  core dba    independent administration of oracle production database server.  monitoring oracle database server to ensure database availability and smooth functioning   checking database/listener status.  monitoring, maintenance, trouble shooting of oracle database server.  checking oracle alert logs to see if there are any oracle errors.  monitoring oracle load, user sessions and long running operations on the oracle server  monitoring oracle backup schedule and completion of backup activity  checking of backup logs of previous day  monitoring archived log generation, archived log disk partition.  creating, maintaining, dropping table spaces  creating users and user grants of necessary roles/privileges  uploading of flat files into oracle tables through sql loader  temporary allocation / de-allocation of table space to users   knowledge in oracle rac with asm disk groups  configuring data guard with physical standby database.   backup & recovery using rman.  using export/import/expdp/impdp for refreshes.  configured rman with flash backup area.  cloning prod database to dev/test instances.  startup/shutdown oracle database server when needed.  performance tuning, stats pack, generate automatic work load reports and analyze.  co-ordinate with users & erp technical team to provide quick solutions  configure the ssh in ibm aix  writing shell scripts and scheduling using crontab.  maintaining the oracle database on windows 2003 server operating system  resolving database and application issues with effectively  project description:  the main objective of this project is to provide information that is online, reliable and updated for the decision-making. this can be achieved through the computerization of all departments, inter-departmental communication, this company having head office and 2 plants located around hyderabad , erp implementation is very useful for online data availability and communication between the 2 plant and head office. we implemented inventory, bom (bill of material), wip (work in progress) , purchasing , order management , accounts payable , accounts receivable , general ledger, hrms (fluous software).  company description: hyderabad based pitti laminations ltd to manufacture electrical laminations up to a diameter of 1300 mm (51) for application in industrial motors, dc machines, alternators, traction motors, pumps, train lighting generators, aeronautics, medical diagnostics equipments, windmill generators, laminations for specialized applications, die-cast rotors, assembled stators and built-up rotors duly balanced. company produce small laminations via high speed press for compressors.", "job title": "database administrator && assistant manager it", "job-duration": "july 2011 to present && july 2001 to july 2011"}, "location": "hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "ignou hyderabad, andhra pradesh && osmaniya university hyderabad, andhra pradesh && osmaniya university hyderabad, andhra pradesh && kakatiya kottagudem, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "june 2004 to october 2007 && november 2000 to february 2001 && february 1998 to october 2000 && june 1994 to september 1997", "qualification": "mca in computers && pg diploma computers in computers && m.com in finance && bcom in commerce"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "184", "skills": "unix administration (3 years), oracle (2 years), obiee (2 years), hpsm (3 years), informatica (2 years)", "additional-info": "additional information area of expertise: pl/sql, unix/linux  platform: windows, sun solaris  programming language: pl/sql  databases: rdbms oracle 10g/11g  tools: informatica 7.1.2, sql developer, toad, control m, hpsm", "work-experience": {"company": "tata consultancy services (tcs) - kolkata, west bengal", "job-description": "position database administrator. roles and 1. i have been working as a dba for 6 months and have an understanding of responsibilities pl/sql commands/packages/procedures for identifying database and data related issues. understanding pl/sql codes for finding root cause analysis for any issues and performances.  2. around 2 years of experience in obiee administration activities that includes looking after the business critical reporting for all the bt global services customers. modification of reports, filters, dashboards and ibots as per the customer requirement.  3.interacting with business and customers directly regarding solving various obiee, data/ibots/dashboard issues and preparing daily, weekly reports and process performance monitors / reports consolidated lists.  4. have close to 2.5 years experience in etl monitoring via informatica, dac and have resolved issues and runtime performances in the same. also had a 3-day in life training on the various utilities of informatica and have experience in deploying mappings/workflows.  5. experience in unix/linux shell scripting for setting traps/automations to cater to system monitoring and health checks.  6. control-m batch monitoring experience of ~ 8000 jobs in a single day suite, resolving failures and maintaining a very high percentage of sla delivery timelines.  7. resolving incidents that require good knowledge of the business logic and understanding the e2e data flow and good knowledge in process related activities like incident management, change management, problem management, etc  8. providing transitions to junior and peer associates to gain e2e application related knowledge and other technical skills.  9. for handling business critical application issues single-handedly in my team in absence of manpower and critical time period.  project type production support & maintenance. project location tcs kolkata", "job title": "database administrator", "job-duration": "may 2014 to present"}, "location": "kolkata, west bengal", "education": {"institute": "soa university", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "bachelor of technology in iter"}, "resume-summary": "none"}]