[{"candidateid": "145", "skills": "sap, ms office, project management (10+ years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "project & quality - gurgaon, haryana && c&s electric ltd - noida, uttar pradesh && spaceage switchgears limited && taneja auto private limited", "job-description": "the company: - with more than 5500 employees &9 global manufacturing plants, schneider electric, the global specialist inenergy management, making energy safe, reliable, efficient and productive for residential, commercial & industrial buildings as well as for industrial process. professional experience:-  root cause analysis (rca) of various processes setback/ failures with capa.  quality audit to ensure enforces of international standards & to create world class quality standards and improve customer satisfaction  consistent data recording and assessment and documentation integrity.  project review & supporting global practices in manufacturing automation solution.  periodic reviews of process flow in areas of procurement, commercial, project management & site management.  nps survey, iso audit && duration: from sep '06 to aug '08  thecompany:-m/s c & s electric ltdhaving a global presentation and iso 9001:2000 -industrial group is a leading engineering - manufacturers of lv switchgear panels, acb's, mccb's, switch fuse disconnector, hrc fuse, current transformer, mcb&ht/lt bus ducts, power plant panelsetc  professional experience:  rca on customer complaints products and further implementation of capa.  internal audit of various deptt.  communicate technical concepts to assembler using layman's terms to facilitate understanding.  required modifications/ changes in drwgs of componentswith heads of relevant product to steer clear of failures of product  routine inspection of products for norms of quality assurance.  analytical research of product e.g acb, mccb, .through lcm  testing of product in - house as well as from external lab as per international standard.  project completed: -increased the endurance life of acb by 11.4% (avg) of mechanical operations & 6.8% of electrical operation in d- series.  achievement:  customer complaint level reduced to 4947 ppm from 6783 that of in 2005~06.  0.8% cost saving in existing product (acb) with respect to 2005~06.  first time completed \"customer satisfaction survey\" with the help of marketing team.  remarkable progress inftpr (first time pass ratio)  worked with && the company: one of the manufacturers of lv switchgear such as air circuit breaker, mccb, lighting fixtures & procurement-construction (epc) contractor .etc  job responsibilities:  control, motivation & effective use of manpower in final & process inspection.  wastage controls & analysis.  team leader of productivity improvement action committee.  to manage and motivate a team on flour to furnish a proper quality by visual inspection  to ensure the quality of inward component as per provided drawings & is.  to evaluate vendors regarding quality and to assist them for better improvement.  finally responsible for outward product which goes through various calibration & test benches e.g. overload, thermal, magnetic, milli-volt drop, h.v. test etc.  worked with && the company: tapl is a firm based in gurgoan which makes major components for hero honda in technical collaboration with tvs-lucas group.  job responsibilities:   to evolve manage and consolidate content delivery to and from clients.  responsible to assist technology related issues and initiatives.  responsible for customer complain & countermeasure  to keep eye on under process inspection for maintaining dol system.  responsible for internal audit as a colleague of manager (qa) and in-house calibration", "job title": "manager - project & quality && sr. engineer -r&d (l.c.m.) && sr.engineer (quality) && engineer - quality", "job-duration": "september 2008 to august 2010 && september 2006 to august 2008 && december 2003 to august 2006 && april 1999 to november 2003"}, "location": "shalimar bagh, delhi", "education": {"institute": "govt polytechnic delhi, delhi", "school-duration": "may 1995 to march 1999", "qualification": "diploma in electrical engineering"}, "resume-summary": " as an astute professional with over 16 years of extensive experience demonstrated ability to lead diverse teams of professional to new level of success in highly competitive field of switchgear.  impressive record of hand-on & leadership experience in manufacturing, strategic planning & operations, product & project management, quality, after sales service, new product launching & price based negotiation for import materials.   key strength:   p&l, inventory control and maintaing profit/ margins.  adequate knowledge of business and management principles (budgeting, strategic planning, resource allocation, human resources)  familiarity with industry standard equipment and technical expertise  driving operational excellence.  identifying, analysing and reviewing the market response/ requirements  proficiency to handle the customers of various profiles.  ensuring customer satisfaction by achieving delivery & service quality.  customer services/ care/ support and after sales services  strong analytical skills & process oriented  life cycle management of products.  cost effective production schedule"}, {"candidateid": "146", "skills": "qa. qc, qms", "additional-info": "additional information worked as management representative( iso/ts 16949) and iso 9000 , responsible to implement and maintain function of quality management system in group of industries( corporate qms activity ).  also work experience of asst. mgr.q.c and qa * manage quality in process. * quality assurance activity as per iso ts 16949 . * looking after continual improvement projects in quality control, production, maintenance * analyze and manage (control) company level data. * conduct internal quality audits, process audit, and product audit. * attending of customer complaints.", "work-experience": {"company": "confidential - bopal", "job-description": "i'm diploma mechanica engineer andcertified lead auditor(iso 9001), certified iqa for ts 16949 with 9yrs. experience in the different field like quality control,quality assurance, quality management system .  as certified lead auditor i can maintain and also can implement the quality standard whatever the organization or their customers prefer. able to plan and perform iqa, thirdparty audit, employee onjob training, training for quality & customer standards, ppap, pfmea,  as asst. mgr.q.c. i am able to resolve the customer complaints with capa.  can design cost and time effective pfd, cp, pp, can perform process audits, product audit analyse department wise performance data. successfully completed cip in different area like quality control dept. production dept, maintrnanace, hr, purchase.", "job title": "manager quality control,quality assurance", "job-duration": "2011 to present"}, "location": "bopal", "education": {"institute": "teb gujarat. amreli, gujarat", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "diploma in mechanical engineering"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "147", "skills": "qa/qc, product validation management (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationprofessional skills:  have expertise to operate universal radio communication tester/rf machine (agilent and rohde & schwarz cmu200)  have expertise to operate & maintain robotic screw machine/driver.  knowledge of soldering iron calibration.  knowledge of ms office tools namely, ms- excel, power point, ms- word", "work-experience": {"company": "c-exmart pvt ltd - noida, uttar pradesh && bgm telecommunications pvt.ltd && bgm holding company && bgm holding company", "job-description": "quality control & assurance,internal audit && responsibilities:  to plan and do the regular internal process audit as per the control plans & take appropriate action.  new project handling and their documents preparation.  control plan preparation as per the operation standards.  preparation of master sample and limit sample for mass production.  to do \"process capability study\" for significant characteristics of the product and to take appropriate action.  handling the customer complaints and take effective countermeasures by using 7 qc tools.  supplier process audit for process improvements related activities.  modify all concerned documents after taken counter measure.  regular monitoring of poke-yoke implemented on assay lines.  responsible for product lay out inspection as per plan vs. actual.  in house training for 5's, kaizen techniques and educate the associates about these activities.  accountable for analyzing the materials requirement in terms of quality & quantity for the various units of the company; procured goods in right quantity, maintained minimum stock level with right margin from the vendors & suppliers while forming the rates contract.  responsible for suggestion and kaizen activities, removing useless work, maintaining discipline according to safety rules and also development of operator through multi skill.  vendors validation process to arrange & manage right vendor for organization. && responsibilities:  responsible for data collection related to process and the customer rejection, analyze it, & how to minimize the process and customer rejection.  give training to new operators.  responsible for calibration & validation & maintain of record.  coordination with production department to solve problem and improve quality of product.  maintaining qa documentation like in process inspection sheet, control plan, process flow diagram, work instruction etc.  controlling of wave soldering machine for its parameter & specifications.  actively involved & responsible to maintain 5s activities and provide training to operators related to process.  maintain internal process.   involved in fm, remote, electric meter, hometheatre, car panel, smt production, assembly & testing unit.  conducting esd audit on shop floor daily basis.  handle all quality activities of finished products of customer intex, bel, elsewedy.  involved in iqc of component used in smt unit.  controlling report of repairing cards and keep track of all those cards so as to repaire very soon and can dispatch to customer. && none", "job title": "quality manager && quality manager && quality manager && quality engineer", "job-duration": "october 2016 to present && june 2015 to present && june 2012 to may 2015 && june 2011 to may 2012"}, "location": "sitamarhi, bihar", "education": {"institute": "polytechnic in electronic & communication engineering && b.i.e.c. patna, bihar", "school-duration": "2011 && 2006", "qualification": "none && none"}, "resume-summary": "to pursue a highly rewarding career, seeking for a job in challenging and healthy work environment where i can utilize my skills and knowledge efficiently for organizational growth."}, {"candidateid": "148", "skills": "operating systems hp-ux, linux, windows xp/2003/2007, novell(micro focus) netware, ms-dos, sun solaris, ibm mainframe z/os reporting sap business objects enterprise and infoview, ibm cognos, ssrs etl tools informatica, data migrator, ssis, data stage databases ms sql server 2008/2012, ibm db2, oracle database 9i/10g, toad for sql server, ibm netezza testing tools serena team track, pvcs tracker, hp quality center, ibm clearquest, bugzero ui tools ms visio, snagit, axure rp, erwin dashboard logixml, ms dynamics crm dashboard requirements &project management tools rational requisite, jira, ms project (7 years), operating systems hp-ux, linux, windows xp/2003/2007, novell(micro focus) netware, ms-dos, sun solaris, ibm mainframe z/os reporting sap business objects enterprise and infoview, ibm cognos, ssrs etl tools informatica, data migrator, ssis, data stage databases ms sql server 2008/2012, ibm db2, oracle database 9i/10g, toad for sql server, ibm netezza testing tools serena team track, pvcs tracker, hp quality center, ibm clearquest, bugzero ui tools ms visio, snagit, axure rp, erwin dashboard logixml, ms dynamics crm dashboard requirements &project management tools rational requisite, jira, ms project (9 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills operating systems hp-ux, linux, windows [] novell (micro focus) netware, ms-dos, sun solaris, ibm mainframe z/os reporting sap business objects enterprise and infoview, ibm cognos, ssrs etl tools informatica, data migrator, ssis, data stage databases ms sql server [] ibm db2, oracle database 9i/10g, toad for sql server, ibm netezza testing tools serena team track, pvcs tracker, hp quality center, ibm clearquest, bugzero ui tools ms visio, snagit, axure rp, erwin dashboard logixml, ms dynamics crm dashboard requirements &project management tools rational requisite, jira, ms project", "work-experience": {"company": "sun life financial - wellesley, ma && sun life financial - wellesley, ma && american safety insurance - atlanta, ga && the hanover insurance group - worcester, ma && prudential financial - roseland, nj && virinchi technologies - hyderabad, andhra pradesh && irs", "job-description": "delaware conversion hunter project: the project was to deactivate all the identified/impacted systems as part of the sold-out business to delaware life holdings to no longer be administered by sun life. this project was divided into two major phases i.e. phase 1 us individual vul business and phase 2 us annuities business. responsibilities:  created impact analysis documents for all individual life and annuities systems as part of delaware deactivation project  built data requirements document and data load specification documents for adding new fields for new underwriting application  worked with international life and wealth business to add new data to ms access database and feed down the data into consolidated sales database  designed gap analysis documents for comparing new individual life underwriting data model to existing physical model  designed detailed implementation plans for release for change tickets, tasks list, systems impacted and contact info data quality/ data domain/ other misc items:  involved in analyzing/providing solutions to various data quality issues by performing data reconciliation  appointed as 'data domain owner' for \"international individual life & annuities business\", for which i created data domain roadmap in visio to visualize all the work based on timeline/system of record/repositories/ current & future state  performed manual dental policies review from qps (quoting & policy systems) sql database by creating an automated sql to identify the policies that should be issued which are in work in progress for more than 300 days  closely work with aml (anti-money laundering) /compliance team to ensure daily data load is successful for all the systems that are obliged to report  involved in writing report/dashboard requirements for slny conversion project using logixml tool for charts, graphs and ad-hoc reports  involved in writing data requirements/ data load functional specs for any updates to databases including but not limited to validations, data model changes and data load rules  experienced with identifying entities and relationships and how they fit together in data logical model and translated into physical model using ca erwin tool && fatca phase 1/phase 2 (life & annuities): && underwriting toolbox (utb): the project was to create a new system for underwriters known as \"underwriting toolbox\" in property, casualty and environmental business. this project will be an improvement in various system functionalities and ease of use for underwriters in comparison to legacy system \"genius\". responsibilities  based on the business requirements for property, casualty and environmental created screen mock-ups/ wireframes using axure pro 6.5  assisted in analyzing the various data feeds from different sources which will be passed downstream to \"underwriting toolbox\"  liaised with business and functional owner during risk engineering and high level review sessions to derive and execute action plans, meeting deadlines and standards by following agile scrum methodology  created user stories for various business underwriting toolbox scenarios to meet the acceptance criteria with each module product owners and sme's  guided the development teams to break down large and complex user story into simplified version for execution  co-ordinated sprints from iteration planning thru daily scrum meetings, iteration reviews and retrospective sessions  understanding of \"guidewire\" system to gather claims and billing information and \"simpleinsure\" legacy system for property.  assisted asi's data services team with acord standards in terms of business glossary and data model.  understanding of acord xml business messages for property & casualty and surety.  worked with solution architecture to translate business requirements into complete business solution design by identifying new dimensions and staging tables to load data into utb netezza database  analyzed data and results with query tools (e.g. sql navigator, aginity, informatica) to support utb requirements  strong understanding of \"underwriting toolbox\" for quote, submission and issuance process by selecting various coverage/policy details. && bonds underwriting system: the project was to build a new bonds underwriting system specific for the surety bonds business. this new system will provide underwriters an enhanced system to make more precise decisions. the new system will help users by decreased data entry, easier navigation to various sections and generating reports from database. the various sections in bonds underwriting system were taken in reference to an existing system i.e. bondirect system. bondirect system is currently being used for bonds processing and maintaining accounts. the main intent to create a new system is to maintain all accounts separately in the new system. responsibilities:  created user/functional requirements documenting business requirement document (brd) for bonds underwriting system  documented non-functional requirements for the new system based on navigation, response times, number of users etc.  developed mock-ups for the new screens  created field level specifications (fls) and functional specification document (fsd) i.e. documenting business names, definitions, format etc.  performed data governance on all the data elements for business names and definitions  wrote business rules for all the data elements  e-marketing ecosystem automation: the project was to build an integrated system i.e. central repository to maintain all the agent contact information in one place for more effective marketing campaigns building better relationships with producers and csrs (commercial sales representative) . the main intent of this project is to have effective communication between various agencies and their contacts by sending the e-mails, e-newsletters and webinars.  created user/functional requirements documenting business requirement document (brd) for marketing automation.  identified various data elements which will be included in agent profile data  documented non-functional requirements for the integrated system from where data will be passed to downstream systems i.e. eloqua, salesforce and distribion.  identified the data elements which will be pushed to eloqua, salesforce and distribion systems from staging.  created the \"data value mapping\" document for mapping staging, source to target systems (eloqua, distribion and salesforce)  created a new mock-up screen using snagit tool for the \"interview-screen\" which will drive agents to enter data and verify all the information.  categorized the data elements at two levels: agency level and contact level data  designed \"screen documentation\" for the interview screen && the project was to add some of the rating fields to their existing source system and also enhancing some of the existing data elements in their source system for small business reporting purposes used by underwriting, actuarial and sales. these rating fields are used by underwriting, actuarial and sales organizations within prudential to calculate or change rates and also to manage risk. responsibilities:  analyzed the different data feeds which passes on to the gidw (group insurance data warehouse)  the group insurance data warehouse (ltd, std, dental, basic life) receives feeds from multiple source systems; therefore brain-storming was done to see the impacts on different source systems. all the insurance products were based on the market segmentation which is divided into: small market and mid-large market.  involved in analyzing the scope document provided by the source system i.e. sparc (sales, prospecting and request for case installation) . sparc is the source system which feeds the data warehouse via gis (group integration server) and it is based for three important modules in case of any insurance product for a particular client: request for proposal, request for case installation and post installation activity.  conducted meetings and gathered requirements from business users i.e. underwriting, actuarial and sales  worked closely with sme to analyze more on the needs of business users, which is to add some of the premium as well as rates data elements for better reporting and managing risk.  identified what data elements will be at product level versus plan level  created business requirement document for the feeds going into group insurance data warehouse  performed analysis on transactional database and data validation using toad (db2) for getting historical data for some of the elements  exceptionsor severity codes were defined for the new data elements  requirements was divided into two sections: data feed section (source system sending data to data warehouse) and data mart section (various data elements will placed under different universes)  designed the separate universe using sap business objects xifor data mart  defined the new universe which was created by identifying dimensions and measures  identified the roll-up or aggregation rules, granularity or hierarchy rules in data mart for all the data elements  well versed with serena team track or pvcs tracker to resolve and maintain all the testing issues  performed uat testing to ensure that the requirements provided by underwriting, actuarial and sales have been met && the project was to develop electronic application that gives access across distributed content stored in multiple different locations with a single unified workflow. the claims processing system lets policyholder submit notice of loss. it lets policyholder fill in claims application where in it can add pictures, motor vehicle information. the claim handler can access this system and can also get access to policyholders credit reports, police and field adjuster reports and reports on medical conditions. responsibilities:  gathered business requirements, interacted with the users, designers and developers, project manager and smes to get a better understanding of the business processes  conducted jad sessions periodically with various stakeholders at various phases of the software development life cycle (sdlc) to discuss open issues and resolve them  organized requirements into high level use cases and low level use cases specifications and modeled them into uc, activity and sequence diagrams using ms visio  used the unified change management (ucm) tool, rational clear quest, to maintain and track the stakeholders requested enhancements and changes && is designed to prevent u.s. persons and entities from evading tax by investing directly and indirectly (through foreign entities) offshore. this project will bring us business (withholding agent) and foreign (non-us) financial institutions on to new procedures to obtain documentation and begin withholding on certain accounts with regard to us source income effective jan 1, 2014. responsibilities  collaborated with development and testing teams and created the technical specification for individual life database (ms sql server) updates  conducted walk-through with stakeholders, development and qa for review and sign-off  created etl data mapping documents for new fatca fields and changes to existing fields for extraction of data from source i.e. solar and va mainframe (db2 tables) via informatica process  created extract specification document for informatica with all the transformation rules, source, target information and service level agreement details  created data requirements for new irs regulated fatca fields that were added at client level  designed compliance requirements for two major components i.e. anti-money laundering (aml) extracts and variable annuities hedging extracts.  va admin replacement project: the project was to replace the current bermuda annuities policy administration mainframe platform to a third party vendor web-based application called kane ims. this project is divided into two major phases i.e. phase 1 introduction of 3 new products on kane platform and phase 2 conversion of all inforce data on to new platform. responsibilities:  assisting other group of analysts in researching the existing processes for all the impacted bermuda annuities systems  identified the reports impacted due to this new admin system and verified the active reports with business  provided existing extract documents, mapping documents, data flow diagrams etc. to new admin system requirements gathering team for their documentation  involved in performing impact analysis for two major components i.e. aml extracts and va hedging extracts  performed end to end testing of extracts received from kane to delivering on to alm and compliance business", "job title": "lead business systems analyst/data quality analyst && lead business systems analyst && business analyst && business analyst && business analyst && jr. business analyst && withholding agent", "job-duration": "october 2014 to present && september 2012 to october 2014 && june 2012 to september 2012 && january 2012 to may 2012 && june 2011 to december 2011 && june 2007 to june 2011 && january 2014"}, "location": "washington, dc", "education": {"institute": "new york university polytechnic institute brooklyn, ny", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "ms in engineering management"}, "resume-summary": " over 9 years of it experience as business analyst/business systems analyst/data quality analyst in various lines of businesses such as group life insurance/ individual life/annuities, property & casualty insurance, specialty insurance and other financial sectors  experienced working with various software development lifecycle methodologies such as rational unified process, agile (scrum) and waterfall  strong experience in data warehousing environment, business intelligence reporting, analyzing fact tables and dimension tables  strong knowledge in transactional/dimensional data modeling concepts  expertise in data analysis for online transactional processing (oltp), data warehousing (olap) / business intelligence applications  proficient in enterprise data warehouse, worked on several projects involving both forward engineering as well as reverse engineering techniques  strong knowledge with sap business objects xi infoview, creating new universe, defining fact, dimensions and measures  well versed with enterprise data reconciliation techniques by looking into master data, transactional data  proficient with unified modeling language (use cases, activity diagrams, sequence diagrams, er diagrams etc)  expertise in creating/gathering requirements for business analytics dashboard using logixml tool consisting trend analysis chart, bar chart, pie charts, graphs and key performance indicators (kpi's)  extensive experience in etl tools like powercenter informatica and ibm infosphere data stage  working knowledge in teradata using database commands and teradata utilities such as bteq, sql assistant, fast load and multi-load  experience in delivering extensive documentation but not limited to functional specification document (fsd), business requirement document (brd), technical design document (tdd)  proficient in creating user stories and analyzing test scenarios  expertise in data quality processes including but not limited to data mapping, data mining, data validation and data cleansing  extensive hands-on experience with relational database management techniques with heavy exposure to ms sql server (t-sql, ssrs etc.)  worked extensively with quality assurance team in understanding and documenting test cases, system test plans (stp), user acceptance testing (uat)  experience working with many offshore teams across the world on different time zones"}, {"candidateid": "149", "skills": "process control and auditing.customer and supplier interaction,quality engineer, apqp,ppap, control plans, process flow.", "additional-info": "additional informationacademic project   project title: studies in water reducible polyester resin. description : the project deal with the making of coatings based on water reducible polyester resins to meet environmental norms. by preparing polyester resin of high molecular weight and accordingly varying raw materials for resin preparation and then emulsification of resin for preparation of water reducible coatings. attended 3 months in plant training in berger paints india ltd. at howrah, kolkata in various departments like raw material q.a., resin production section, bead mill production section, ball mill production section, process control lab, quality control lab and powder coating manufacturing section.", "work-experience": {"company": "janesville acoustics - warrensburg, mo && meteor sealing systems llc - dover, oh && badve engineering ltd. - aurangabad, maharashtra && korrocoat polymers pvt. ltd. - pune, maharashtra && pune metagraph - pune, maharashtra", "job-description": "responsibilities analyze failure, corrective and preventive action to respond customer complaints. prepare ppap, pfmea, process flow, control plans and cap studies. responsible for planning, organizing and managing overall activities of quality function. coordinate quality control objectives and activities to resolve production problems, maximize product reliability and minimize cost. analyze and act on both internal and external quality concerns. manage ts-16949 standard. schedule and coordinate internal/ external ts 16949 audits. implemented shift communication in quality department. develop training for quality awareness.  direct customer and supplier liaisons for plant quality activities and concerns including scheduled visit. prepare ppm (parts per million), cost of quality reports and performance metrics. represent the company quality system during customer audits. prepare and update product sheets. assist in prepare and update of bill of material. && efficiently handled incoming inspection. active member of problem solving team. (8d) actively participated in apqp process. successfully conducted training sessions for operators. represented the company directly with customers audits. represented company for quality system and supply chain quality activity. utilized statistical methods, such as, process capability data analysis, statistical process control (spc). maintained customer contacts by being proactive and reactive to customer concerns. && efficiently monitored paint consumption on daily basis. introduced report for thinner intake and wastage of thinner in each colour change. received appreciations from gm and sr. manager q.c. for reduction in paint consumption. monitored & audited the process parameters of pre-treatment line like spray pressure, temperature,etc. and paint booth parameters like air velocity, temperature, humidity, spray gun pressure and flow rate by using equipments like anemometer, hydrometer, data logger (ttr), etc.  monitored the paint consumption against the norms established by customer. a implemented 5s, kaizen and tpm. successfully conducted training sessions for the q.c. operators and painters for paint defects awareness.  acted as a member of cross functional team for new product development and manufacturing process establishment. && undertook the responsibility of quality control of products and was involved in research activities for developing, formulating and testing new products. testing of incoming raw material parameters like % solid content, thinner intake & acid value of resin, hiding power, tinting strength of the pigments & testing like distillation range, specific gravity for solvent.  testing of finished product characteristics like viscosity, shade matching, adhesion, flexibility, impact resistance, acid, alkali and solvent resistance. improved the existing products as per the feed back of customers.  implemented cost effective solution of producing efficient products by reorganizing the production and manufacturing process. && assigned task of testing incoming raw materials for their various properties such as tensile strength, % elongation, printability, etc. of polymer adhesive films and finished product testing like petrol resistance, detergent resistance, re-coatability with lacquer, weathering resistance, salt spray resistance, etc. prepared test reports of raw materials and finished product as per specification and monitored in process material by carrying various testing.", "job title": "quality manager && quality team leader && junior engineer && quality engineer && lab assistant", "job-duration": "october 2013 to july 2015 && april 2012 to september 2012 && september 2007 to january 2009 && january 2006 to august 2007 && july 2005 to december 2005"}, "location": "chinchvad, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "laxminarayan institute of technology nagpur, maharashtra && north maharashtra university. jalgaon, maharashtra", "school-duration": "january 2009 to january 2011 && january 2001 to january 2005", "qualification": "m.tech in paint technoogy && b.tech in paint technology"}, "resume-summary": "an astute leader with 6 years of experience in quality control & assurance & process improvement. managing overall operations in plant with a view to enhance the operational efficiency, eliminating obsolescence and achieving cost reduction through vendor development, curbing rework & rejection, materials management and troubleshooting. a keen strategist and planner with skills in conceptualizing and effecting process initiatives to enhance efficiency and productivity.  a skilled communicator with strong leadership, relationship management, negotiation, people management, analytical and coordination skills.  experience with control plan, process flow, fmea, ppap , apqp and 8d methodology."}, {"candidateid": "150", "skills": "sap fico", "additional-info": "additional informationreena d vaidya phone: []  e-mail: reenadv23@gmail.com participant id- []  professional synopsis   certified sap ecc 6.0 ehp7 fi consultant with 88% marks from atos  sap authorized training center, mumbai  m.com with 6 years + of experience in accounting and other finance domains.  academic credentials  2006 - 2008 m.com pune university 2003 - 2006 b.com byk college of commerce, pune university, nasik  sap certification  sap erp finance, version ecc 6.0 ehp7 atos  sap authorized training center, mumbai (26th dec 2016  03rd feb 2017) modules covered: tfin50- financial accounting i tfin 52- financial accounting ii non sap experience  worked with first data india pvt ltd. from 11 august 2014 till 30 december 2016. first data corporation is a global payment technology solutions company. a global leader in commerce-enabling technology solutions, serving over six million business locations and four thousand institutions in 118 countries.  key responsibilities:  quality analyst for merchant boarding representatives working in the us.  checking the detailed financial data about the rates and fees for each and every product. analysing the same on the applications and making the required corrections, thereby, not financially affecting the first data clients for any miss outs made by the boarding representatives.  prepare reports to communicate outcomes of quality activities.   publish qa statistics on a daily, weekly and monthly basis. collect and compile statistical quality data.  develop, recommend and monitor corrective and preventive actions. document internal audits and other quality assurance activities. worked with wns global services: wns global services (nashik) from 17 september 2012 till 08 july 2014:  worked as a research analyst for a risk intelligence organization- regulatory data corp.   to meet critical client on-boarding and monitoring requirements with extensive international coverage of negative media, ofac and other government watch-lists, international regulatory authority actions, and more.   to highlight potential vulnerability to malfeasance, organized crime influence and asset fraud.  access our consulting services to address a range of regulatory, criminal and reputational risks including corruption, money laundering and terrorists financing, sanctions and embargoes, fraud and criminal associations.   minute to minute screening of terrorist and organized crime figures and groups on international law enforcement watch-lists. daily monitoring more than 400 global watch-lists with the finest international negative media coverage.   utilizing the most robust search engine, most configurable database to make sure the client gets the right solution to maximize business efficiencies.   coding the risk database, or global regulatory information database (grid) with accurate, risk-relevant event codes - ranging from money laundering, terrorism, fraud, narcotics trafficking, organized crime, embargoes and sanctions, to peps, regulatory watchlists, identity theft, burglary, cybercrime and more. key responsibilities:   handling a team of 10 and ensuring that the members are motivated towards their performances by giving them a proper feedback for quality and productivity.  dealing with challenging issues and problems which arise. mentoring as well as training the junior and new staff.   preparation of all the monthly performance reports for the managers. coordinating with the client regarding any process update and informing the team members about the same.  coordinating with the it department with reference to any it issues. arranging monthly team meetings and preparing mom of the same.   application knowledge:  worked on management analysis and reporting system (mars)  worked on data quality application (dqa)  google  whitepages  behindthename extra activities:  basics of lean six sigma (blss)  iso awareness  business writing skills  engage to excel stress management  quest  train to retain  wns global services (mumbai) from 07 february 2011 to 31 august 2012:  key responsibilities:  resolving all issues of british airways customers.  coordinating with various departments to resolve customer issues.  to adhere service level and provide resolutions within the prescribed turnaround time. to ensure customer satisfaction by providing proper resolutions. worked with vph associates (andheri, mumbai) from november 2010 to february 2011 key responsibilities: auditing of sales and purchase notes for a chemical industry. accounts reconciliation project for mseb - prakash ganga (bandra) worked with agrawal malvade patil & associates (nashik) from january 2009 to october 2009  key responsibilities: preparation and finalization of profit & loss account and balance sheet  filing of income tax and vat returns. worked on on tally 9.0  personal details date of birth : march 02, 1986  current address: a 003, vasanth athena, beside viviana mall, easter express highway, thane 400607  permanent address: 1/6, sadanand apartments, tilak wadi, sharanpur road, nashik 422002", "work-experience": {"company": "first data - thane, maharashtra && wns global services private limited", "job-description": "none && none", "job title": "quality analyst && research analyst", "job-duration": "august 2014 to december 2016 && february 2011 to july 2014"}, "location": "thane, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "pune", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "m.com"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "151", "skills": "microstrategy (1 year), sql (2 years), information analyser (1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationskills   technology: data warehousing/etl, database, reporting  primary skills: ibm infosphere information analyzer (1 year), microstrategy (11 months), sql, tableau, trained on ssrs  database: oracle, db2, sqlserver, sap hana.", "work-experience": {"company": "mindtree ltd", "job-description": "duration: since dec '14 till now project undertaken:  client 1: aig (a leading global insurance firm in us) project: data quality (1 year experience) role: - data quality analyst responsibilities: -  development of rules in ibm ia for the client data.  development of sql queries for data validation.  data quality infrastructure installation.  troubleshooting and debugging ia errors.  issue monitoring and resolution (imr) on data. environment: - ibm infosphere operating system: - windows 7 team size: - 12 client 2: adidas (a leading sports wear manufacturer in germany) project: reporting (11 months experience) role: - data analyst responsibilities: -  development of reports and dashboards.  worked on public objects and schema objects.  basic functions of object manager.  development of sql queries for data validation.  making the changes to the reports and dashboards after getting the rfc. enviroment: - microstrategy, sap hana operating system: - windows 8 team size: - 7", "job title": "data analyst", "job-duration": "none"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "institute of informationtechnology and management gwalior, madhya pradesh && miss hill h.s. school gwalior, madhya pradesh", "school-duration": "2014 && 2008", "qualification": "b.tech in information && class x in science"}, "resume-summary": " data analyst with 2 years of experience.  experience in developing sql queries for data validation and generating ad-hoc reports.  mapping a data model used by the ibm information analyzer.  experience in development of ia scripts and interacting with ia cli interface.  experience in development of xml scripts for ia.  have worked from client location for 1 year.  experience in creating reports and dashboards in microstrategy.  active team member with good analytical, communication and interpersonal skill.  trained on power bi tool, ssis, ssrs.  developed dashboards in tableau."}, {"candidateid": "152", "skills": "it (erp - platform) sap - pm (2 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationcomputer skills:  operating system: windows packages: ms-office, internet, e-mail application worked over scala business solutions nv, with the latest version i-scala 2.2 in our company. * working with i-scala routines. * entering data in the form fields * material production control. * printing from i-scala  sap  plant maintenance functional consultant: good knowledge of sap - pm module with the following strengths:   master data ( functional location, equipment, bom, task lists, serial numbers, work centres )  break down maintenance  corrective maintenance   pm work orders  order types  preventive maintenance ( single cycle plans, counter based plans , strategy based plans, time based plans )  single cycle plans  notification types. as a part of support team, pm consultant, i can carry out the following :.  field selection for notification type.  screen selection for notification type.  configuring action box to the notification type.  configured catalog profiles for the notification type.  configured code group and codes for the catalog profile.  configured order types for the notification type.  configured user status profile for the notification type.  configured partner determination procedure.  configured order types fully for notification type  set up maintenance plan  set up maintenance strategy.  set up task list for functional locations.  set up field selection for functional location and equipment.  set up structural indicators", "work-experience": {"company": "al jazea industrial company - dammam - kingdom of saudi arabia && national industries company for building materials - kuwait - kuwait && cosmoplast industries wll - sharjah - u.a.e && al wassel irrigation system factory\" buraidah - buraidah - al qassim - kingdom of saudi arabia && integrated thermoplastics ltd - hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "job-description": "worked as quality control manager /engineer at jazea poly ethylene pipes factory (jpepico), dammam , k.s.a since april 2011 to 15-12-2015 a new plant set up for producing the polyethylene pipes , applicable for the transportation of water supply(pressure/non pressure) for different needs.  started here from the initial stage of the factory set-up, like setting up the quality control department, arranging the testing equipment for the lab, from the standard suppliers of testing equipments in the market. preparing the related documents for the tests to be carried out. also worked over getting the certification of iso 9001-2008 and certification from saso and nsf-61 certification for our product to our organization. && worked as a production engineer at \"national industries company for building materials\"-kuwait in the hdpe pipes and fittings manufacturing section.  production in our section upholds in manufacturing the pressure pipes for the sizes ranging od25mm to od 900mm ranging pressures pn6 to pn16. also the corrugated pipes ranging diameters from id34mm to id500mm both with inside corrugated and also inside solid wall. we also produce the profile pipes from krah machine with ranging diameters id300mm to id2400mm for the manufacturing of larger profiles of manholes production ranging diameters from id600mm to id2400mm.  worked as production engineer in this hdpe section to improve the efficiency in manufacturing by attending towards every minimal breakdowns concerned with production outputs with regular follow-ups technically and effectively towards them && worked as a production engineer in production department the company was the leading manufacturers in the middle east to produce the larger diameter of upvc pipes and upholds various processing techniques with separate departments like extrusion department, injection molding, blow molding, rotational molding, pre-insulated pipes section, blow film section which applied for the thermoplastic materials to give the final shape for utilization of consumers for their house-hold needs. was working as a production engineer in extrusion department of upvc pipes. production of pipes are applicated for drinking water supplies, drainage facilitations, sewerage pipes, pipes for irrigation purposes, also pre-insulated pipes for oil and gas supply lines etc. && worked as a production supervisor also the dept head assistant at al wasail industrial company buraidah, al-qassim. the company was one of the leading manufacturers of polyethylene pipes certified with iso 9002: 1994 with its demanding markets in the middle east also in the western countries. products of company were high density polyethylene pipes, low density polyethylene pipes, and linear low density polyethylene pipes. also the butt welded joints like butt welded tee, reducers. production of the polyethylene pipes were ranging from diameters from od 4mm to od 630mm produced according to the standards of din 8074, australian standards (ast), iso standards with safety factor-1.25c. && the company was a leading manufacturer of upvc pipes and fittings in the southern part of india as a production supervisor, i used to handle the production schedules submitted to me from my production engineer.  handling the production breakdowns to minimum levels to achieve the targeted production.  maintaining the production output to a maximum level by keeping the production within quality standards.  minimizing the scrap percentage was the main motto. =======================================", "job title": "quality control manager && production engineer && production engineer && production supervisor also the dep't head assistant && production supervisor", "job-duration": "april 2011 to december 2015 && august 2009 to october 2010 && january 2007 to june 2009 && may 2004 to july 2006 && may 2003 to january 2004"}, "location": "kurnool, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "central institute of plastics engineering and technology && gulbarga university gulbarga, karnataka", "school-duration": "july 2001 && january 1995 to october 1999", "qualification": "post graduate diploma in plastics engineering && bachelor's of engineering in mechanical engineering"}, "resume-summary": "seeking a challenging position in any organization in order to prove my ability towards improving the organizational goals in the today's competitive market in the most benefit way& to reach peak in the field of engineering and to utilize my talents and creative ideas for the growth of organization as well as for the individual development."}, {"candidateid": "153", "skills": "six sigma, lean, quality management, retail banking", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical proficiency microsoft office tools trained in six sigma methodology using dmaic trained in lean techniques", "work-experience": {"company": "serco global services - mumbai, maharashtra && serco global services - mumbai, maharashtra && wipro bpo && wipro bpo && adventity", "job-description": "reporting to the senior manager - operations for barclays bank uk - retail banking customer service * managing a span of 28 members - 25 quality analysts, 2 quality team leaders and 1 mis resource * improved productive activity of the department leading to a billable increase in team span  quality process * set out quality standards for various customer metrics, ensuring a high-quality of customer experience, while adhering to the slas and work process * instrumental in setting up a new call quality monitoring framework in collaboration with onshore client. this model was replicated across all other india operations * set and maintain stringent controls on call quality and service levels * continuously embedded quality culture across operations * engaged & collaborated with operations teams in driving results * lead internal risk & compliance audits * facilitate client risk & compliance audits ensuring positive results  process improvement * monitor the overall functioning of processes & identify improvement areas using six sigma and lean techniques * drive process improvement projects using dmaic methodology and provide support to business process owners to take their projects to completion * coordinate with all stakeholders to ensure that the project progresses in a timely manner * ensure that the financial and non-financial objectives of each project are achieved * ensure timely and relevant communication to all stakeholders, throughout the project  client management * work with clients to agree on action plans for performance upliftment * ensure client expectations are met with respect to business requirements * attend weekly and monthly reviews with clients  others * helped in setting up call quality framework for a corresponding process (barclays uae) * provide intelligence on various mi reports, aiming at focused action areas  achievements:  awarded the 'excellence award for outstanding contribution' at a divisional level at the annual pulse award ceremony 2013 && joined as a team lead for retail banking (barclays bank uk) * worked in the capacity of a quality team leader for the process * managed a team of 15 quality analysts  quality process * lead the team to ensure accurate output from call observations * lead gage r&n calibrations across onshore and onsite teams * provide input to operations for improving performance * assist in internal risk & compliance audits  process improvement * report performance dashboards to stakeholders for effective decision-making * assist all stakeholders to ensure that the project progresses in a timely manner * ensure timely and relevant communication to all stakeholders, throughout the project  client management * liaising with onshore and on-site clients * work with clients for knowledge sharing and exchange best practices * prepare weekly and monthly decks for client reviews  others * worked to tight deadlines and prioritized a large number of conflicting and frequently changing priorities * handled end-to-end managerial responsibilities as the acting am quality in the absence of one, for 10 months.  achievements:  received serco star award for performance in nov'12  silver accredited in british council's coaching excellence programme && successfully managed upto 18 associates at a time * attained in-depth knowledge of process level metrics and revenue parameters * responsible for ensuring team targets are met * identify improvement areas, devise solutions and oversee implementation of the same * data management and analysis, outlier management * hold one-on-one feedback sessions with team members * organize team outings, dinners and other fun activities to keep team members engaged * identification and management of possible attrition cases * trained in six sigma methodology * lead ews effectiveness improvement project using six sigma tools * responsible for managing the productivity of the queue * maintain the daily recordings of the queue to ensure no deviations from client specifications  achievements:  received best team award for dec'08  placed in the category of top 5 tls for three quarters in a row && educate clients (u.s healthcare providers) with member benefits and resolve claim issues * research clients' contracts to ensure that claims are processed correctly according to the terms of the contract * check coding combinations to ensure appropriate billing is done on claim * thorough knowledge of the claim billing system && inbound customer service executive * customer service and sale of dish satellite television to the customer base in u.s * selected to be a part of the outbound mortgage pilot process", "job title": "assistant manager - quality && team leader quality && team leader operations && customer service representative && customer service executive", "job-duration": "april 2013 to may 2014 && january 2011 to march 2013 && october 2008 to july 2010 && august 2007 to september 2008 && august 2006 to june 2007"}, "location": "mumbai, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "institute of distance education mumbai, maharashtra", "school-duration": "april 2009", "qualification": "bachelor of commerce"}, "resume-summary": "i have worked in customer service departments. i am open to working in varied fields where i can apply my knowledge and skills to bring about improvement in performance."}, {"candidateid": "154", "skills": "microsoft office, sap hcm", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills: ms-office (ms word, ms powerpoint, ms excel) windows xp, computer typing (30wpm), diploma in computer programming", "work-experience": {"company": "aegis limited", "job-description": "analyst  roles and responsibilities: have worked in aegis intercompany prr (specialist  quality analyst) process for the client hireright inc, irvine, handling the below activities 1. criminal data verification of applicants through us court database by searching the applicant name in the county/state criminal websites. 2. giving accurate information of the applicant by matching exact name, dob, address, ssn & driving license of the applicant 3. sending results to clients. 4. preparing daily quality report based on production & errors received 5. tracking trends in quality, customer satisfaction & complaints, and performance 6. tracking, monitoring & validating daily errors 7. providing feedback to the researcher whenever required 8. complete the work within stipulated time with 100% quality 9. conducting regular calibration 10. sending shift end report to the team manager", "job title": "specialist - quality", "job-duration": "september 2010 to august 2016"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "bangalore university bangalore, karnataka && bks high school bangalore, karnataka", "school-duration": "2009 && 2004", "qualification": "b.com in first && s.s.l.c in k.s.s.e.b"}, "resume-summary": "looking forward to secure a position in an organization as a sap hcm functional consultant. with commendable knowledge on sap-hcm module. i believe i would be able to instantaneously contribute to the growth and development of the organization  overview of sap knowledge   effectively trained in sap hcm on ecc 6.0 version  expertise on various modules of sap hr such as personnel administration, organization management, time management, payroll-india.  knowledge on asap methodology, gaps, functional specification, reports, lsmw.  knowledge on pcrs and schemas  area of expertise in sap hcm personnel administration  customization of enterprise structure, personnel structure and organizational structure  creating features for determining default values and controlling the system processes using feature numkr  configuration of info menu, info groups, action menu for user groups  basic settings to maintain employee master data within the respective info types and to maintain the flow of personnel actions  organizational management  creation and maintain objects like organizational units, jobs, positions, persons, work centres, and integrated all of these into the enterprises organizational plan using expert mode, simple maintenance and organization & staffing  creation of relationships among all the organizational units  creating tasks and assigning to jobs and positions  creation of organization units as per client requirement & integrating it using plogi switches  time management  define public holidays, holiday calendar and factory calendar.  define break schedules, rules for variant, daily work schedule, period work schedule  creating work schedule rule and generating work schedules & defaulting it using feature schkz  define absence types and attendance types, absence quota types, deduction rules, counting rules and rounding rules  indian payroll  good understanding on the payroll process, schemas and pcr  creating period parameters, payroll periods, payroll accounting area and control record  defining pay scale structure consisting of pay scale type, pay scale area, pay scale group and pay scale levels  creating wage types, wage type model, setting up the permissibility and defining wage type characteristics including direct & indirect valuation methods  generation of payroll periods, remuneration statement & knowledge on features like abkrs & tarif"}, {"candidateid": "155", "skills": "* sales & service operations management * leadership & mentoring * team- management * customer service * process improvement * cross functional coordination * quality adherence * process knowledge expertise * soft-skills & behavioural trainer * content development * strong interpersonal &communication skills", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "yes bank ltd && citibank n.a && citibank n.a && convergys india services", "job-description": "responsible for development and maintenance of a customer-focused culture through quality assurance of phone banking & e-mail channel. * le &duties * preparing monthly targets as per quality process note guidelines. * monitoring & managing performance of the team. * sharing quality feedback with operations manager on unit's performance. * preparing mis for publishing unit's (phone banking & e-mail) quality scores & errors. * evaluating and conducting rcas for complaints received at grievance redressal desk. * maintaining data for analytical purposes. * conducting calibrations between team leaders, managers & evaluators for uniformity in understanding of quality parameters. * ensuring critical failures do not breach the threshold as per bank's guidelines. * sharing identified gaps in process & procedures to training team for training of operations team. * coordinating with various units for orm reporting. * conducting quality & process notes training with new hires. * remote-handling for setting up of quality framework of other lob's (credit cards, digital banking & inclusive social banking.)  process notes designed:  * escalation handling at phone banking. * promised call back * line disconnect  programs developed & conducted:  * service first - basics of telephone etiquettes & communicate effectively * raise the bar - handling difficult customers & power of perception && as a team leader contributed in shaping and taking forward objectives of the organization by meeting monthly sales & service targets.  * ensuring that service delivery standards are maintained. * promoting & maintaining awareness and compliance of information security in accordance with best practice. * leading & developing the team in all aspects of excellent customer service. * training, coaching & mentoring junior staff as required. * managing all performance and governance activities. * monitoring weekly performance against targets. * establishing and maintaining roles and responsibilities for the officers in the team. * delivering regular team communications and organizing monthly meetings. * ensuring high rsat for team members and constant improvement in the nps. * ensuring timely update of payroll inputs for the officers. * nominating officers for the client excellence award on a monthly/quarterly basis. && * making outbound calls for convincing customers on loan on phone (lop) product. * making daily mis. * achieving monthly sales targets. && * solving billing queries for at & t process * cross selling local toll and long distance services  training/workshops attended:  * planning & time management * addictive customer experience * exceed customer expectations * coaching for results * first time managers", "job title": "operations service delivery manager (quality) && assistant manager && senior customer care officer (lop specialist) && customer care associate", "job-duration": "december 2014 to present && april 2012 to july 2014 && october 2006 to april 2012 && march 2003 to january 2004"}, "location": "gurgaon, haryana", "education": {"institute": "delhi university delhi, delhi && mount carmel school new delhi, delhi && sikkim manipal university && polytechnic for women", "school-duration": "2002 && 1999 && none && none", "qualification": "b.com in pass && m.b.a && diploma in information technology && none"}, "resume-summary": "* a result oriented professional with over 10 years of experience in the field of customer service with leading organizations. * an exemplary communicator with rich expertise in client interaction for both sales & service fields. * detailed knowledge of quality guidelines for voice processes. * successfully developed and led a team of 20 people. * expert in data analysis & mis generation. * hands on experience in developing process notes & content development. * proven skills in writing scripts & e-mail templates. * expertise in training of soft -skills & overall grooming. * demonstrated abilities to motivate & mentor the team by handling customer complaints and teach them by show and tell methodology."}, {"candidateid": "156", "skills": "microsoft office and well known basic system knowledge (1 year)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "rsl infotech - krishnagiri, tamil nadu", "job-description": "data entry field: i am worked to data entry field in one year then my designation is data entry operator and quality checking  finance field: now, i am working in finance field 8 month onwards my designation is wealth manager means system work and field work", "job title": "data entry operator", "job-duration": "february 2015 to march 2016"}, "location": "krishnagiri, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "sona college of tech salem, tamil nadu && sri vidya mandhir arts & science college erode, tamil nadu && muthamiz govt.hr.sec.school && muthamiz govt.hr.sec.school", "school-duration": "2015 && 2012 && 2009 && 2007", "qualification": "mca && bca && h.s.c in arasampatti && s.s.l.c in arasampatti"}, "resume-summary": "to accelerate my pace towards the growth of the organization by riding on my strength and to make innovations with my talented skills."}, {"candidateid": "157", "skills": "data analysis (5 years), kapow software (5 years), .net (less than 1 year), research (5 years), quality assurance (5 years), documentation (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationpersonal skills  comprehensive problem solving abilities.  excellent verbal and written communication skills.  good team leadership ability.  ability to deal with situations diplomatically and professionally.  willingness to learn, work as a team and as well as individual and work hard.", "work-experience": {"company": "none", "job-description": "working sr. data acquisition specialist at software incubator pvt.ltd for last 4.8 years (since may 2012) as technical team manager.   experience in robotic process automation (rpa) using kapow software. experience in research, identification and quality analysing process. good knowledge in my sql, database structures, data base management and data quality.  experience in managing team and task analyse. have excellent knowledge in website research with various website structures.  created a kapow supporting forum (http://kapow.forumsmotions.com) and active member.  worked as .net programmer trainee at firm codeware solutions llp (dec 2011 to march 2012)", "job title": "sr. data acquisition specialist", "job-duration": "may 2012 to present"}, "location": "malappuram, kerala", "education": {"institute": "sree amman arts and science college erode, tamil nadu && bharathiar university coimbatore, tamil nadu && maharaja arts and science college coimbatore, tamil nadu && sree vivekananda higher secondary school malappuram, kerala", "school-duration": "2009 to 2012 && 2006 to 2009 && 2004 to 2006 && 2004", "qualification": "master in computer applications && bachelor in computer applications && higher secondary education && certificate in higher secondary education"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "158", "skills": "mscit (9 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "limeroad.com && deals n you pvt. ltd && fashion n you pvt. ltd && fashion n you pvt. ltd - mumbai, maharashtra && dhl express india pvt ltd", "job-description": "reporting to: quality manager key responsibilities: * maintaining and controlling the quality of products. * auditing each and every single unit of products for maintaining quality standard. * coordinating with management and supplier for audit time. * keeping data base of all auditing products. * create awareness of quality amongst the corporate suppliers and other individual customers. * to manage good relationship with the corporate suppliers. * management reporting and planning. * assisting dispatch department for dispatching products. * arranging dispatch of products as per given instruction. * apart from original packing of product maintaining additional packing in such a way that products have additional safely and it does not get damage during transit. * follow up on all dispatched item until it's delivered to customer. && reporting to: quality control manager key responsibilities: * maintaining and controlling the quality of products. * auditing each and every single unit of products for maintaining quality standard. * coordinating with management and supplier for audit time. * keeping data base of all auditing products. * create awareness of quality amongst the corporate suppliers and other individual customers. * to manage good relationship with the corporate suppliers. * management reporting and planning. * assisting dispatch department for dispatching products. * arranging dispatch of products as per given instruction. * apart from original packing of product maintaining additional packing in such a way that products have additional safely and it does not get damage during transit. * checking all products details before dispatch like imei no, model no and other accessory details. * coordinating with management and courier companies for dispatch time. * keeping dispatch details of all dispatched products like mode of transport and courier tracking details. * keeping data base of all dispatched products along with customer's necessary details like delivery address and telephone no. * follow up on all dispatched item until it's delivered to customer. * keeping records of all comments of customer after delivery report received. * management reporting and planning. && reporting to: quality control manager  key responsibilities: * maintaining and controlling the quality of products. * auditing each and every single unit of products for maintaining quality standard. * coordinating with management and supplier for audit time. * keeping data base of all auditing products. * create awareness of quality amongst the corporate suppliers and other individual customers. * to manage good relationship with the corporate suppliers. * management reporting and planning. * assisting dispatch department for dispatching products. * arranging dispatch of products as per given instruction. * apart from original packing of product maintaining additional packing in such a way that products have additional safely and it does not get damage during transit. * checking all products details before dispatch like imei no, model no and other accessory details. * coordinating with management and courier companies for dispatch time. * keeping dispatch details of all dispatched products like mode of transport and courier tracking details. * keeping data base of all dispatched products along with customer's necessary details like delivery address and telephone no. * follow up on all dispatched item until it's delivered to customer. * keeping records of all comments of customer after delivery report received. * management reporting and planning. && mumbai reporting to: scm manager  key responsibilities: * arranging dispatch of products as per given instruction. * apart from original packing of product maintaining additional packing in such a way that products have additional safely and it does not get damage during transit. * checking all products details before dispatch like imei no, model no and other accessory details. * coordinating with management and courier companies for dispatch time. * keeping dispatch details of all dispatched products like mode of transport and courier tracking details. * keeping data base of all dispatched products along with customer's necessary details like delivery address and telephone no. * follow up on all dispatched item until it's delivered to customer. * keeping records of all comments of customer after delivery report received. * management reporting and planning. * to manage good relationship with the corporate suppliers. && reporting to: store manager key responsibilities: * business development for the dhl store in india (dhl) global chain of retail business service, shipping and logistics. * marketing and branding for the dhl store in india. * responsible for handling sales and also to give business proposals and presentations to corporate clients about the various products and services. * to create awareness amongst the corporate clients and other individuals customers. * to manage good relationship with existing key corporate customers. * one point contact for customers about the products and services offered at the store. * to tie up with hotels and other business houses. * management reporting and strategic planning.", "job title": "quality auditor && quality auditor / warehouse executive && quality auditor / warehouse executive && warehouse executive (scm) && store executive - retail store operation (west)", "job-duration": "april 2013 to present && november 2011 to september 2012 && march 2011 to october 2011 && august 2010 to february 2011 && april 2007 to june 2010"}, "location": "mumbai, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "mumbai university mumbai, maharashtra", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "b.com."}, "resume-summary": "to advance in life by hard work, expanding knowledge, by venturing into fields to be a part of dedicated, goal oriented team."}, {"candidateid": "159", "skills": "data management (10+ years), data management (10+ years), oracle clinical (10+ years), electronic data capture (7 years), inform ,rave platforms (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills  cdms worked on: oracle clinical, clintrial, ocrdc, edc systems worked - picts, inform & medidata rave  programming languages: basic knowledge of sql, pl/sql & sas  applications used: toad, sql developer  core competencies  comprehensive knowledge of the procedures and clinical practice standards of federal drug administration  in-depth knowledge of the processes of clinical data management systems, clinical trial methodology, gcp and medical terminology  skilled in mentoring, coaching, training internal and external partners  outstanding communication and presentation skills  possess strong organizational and time management skills  ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines  possess strong organizational and time management skills  positive attitude, good interpersonal skills, ability to face and deal with issues in a mature and professional manner.", "work-experience": {"company": "quintiles ims india pvt ltd - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": "serve as data management project manager, as a project manager involved in study start-up activities such as designing and testing of the database, conduct phase activities and study close out activities.  serve as primary point of contact for customer on data management deliverables with minimal guidance, provide project management expertise working with customer data managers, key decision makers, and internal team members to manage continuous process improvements, issue escalation, workload projections, and provide technical expertise with guidance, provide input for and perform direct negotiations with customer, e.g., timelines, financial, process, resources, maintain strong customer relationships.  ensure open communications with customer and quintiles management to manage and meet contractual obligations.  meet with data operations coordinator (doc) and/or data operations team members on a regular basis to ensure milestones meet timelines and quality deliverables, establish strong communications with data operations team, functional leads, project managers and all other stake holders.  with minimal guidance, support dm service delivery with comprehensive dm process and technical expertise in executing projects.  serve as the escalation point for unresolved data issues; with guidance, work with client data managers, vendors, and internal team members for resolution.  work with functional manager(s) to ensure appropriate resources are assigned to meet project deliverables.  with guidance, create and/or review and sign-off on all data management plan (dmp) documents.  implement proactive quality management plan. identify any service and quality issues with agreed upon specifications per the dmp and contract/sow and work with functional manager(s) to resolve.  with guidance, track service performance and provide leadership to identify root causes of issues and implement remedial action.  continuously look for opportunities to improve efficiency of tasks and quality of deliverables.  identify compliance issues and work with functional manager(s) to ensure timely follow-up and resolution.  with guidance, maintain internal tracking databases and systems financial management/business development support.  with guidance, ensure service and quality meet agreed upon timelines and deliverables in contract/scope of work (sow).  manage sow/budget - review financial reports on a monthly basis and participate in project reviews as requested - identify out of scope tasks and track change orders to completion.  with guidance, may serve as project manager for single service dm projects, including financial tracking, revenue recognition, and invoicing.  with guidance, participate in and support rfp process (review rfp documents, pricing, attend bid defense).  supervise and manage an assigned team of project delivery associates who manage or support studies to ensure quality, time and budget deliverables are met.", "job title": "associate manager & data team lead", "job-duration": "december 2005 to present"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "bangalore university bangalore, karnataka && bangalore university bangalore, karnataka", "school-duration": "2003 to 2005 && 2000 to 2003", "qualification": "master of science in microbiology && bachelor of science in microbiology"}, "resume-summary": " 11.1 years of work experience in clinical data management  currently serving as data team lead in global studies and also as an associate manager in clinical data management.  possess the ability to adapt to any situation and work well with others through effective communication and interpersonal skills  experienced with data management tools, processes and therapeutic areas  responsible for leading the dm team and for timely delivery of the data management deliverables  current responsibilities include timely delivery of quality databases that meet customer requirements, managing projects, resource planning & utilization, monitoring of all project deliverables, attending teleconferences, problem solving mentoring and training  experience in working in phase i, ii, iiia & iiib, iv and observational studies  experience in working on external data such as lab, ecg, ivrs, safety data reconciliation  have a vast experience over a plethora of therapeutic areas from the project start up to the database release (lock).worked on various therapeutic areas - oncology, neuroscience, endocrine, cardiovascular and immunology  quality control and basic project management in clinical research (fda) regulations/gcp/basic cgmp)  exposure to project management in cdm starting from implementation and project execution till successful delivery of project.  supervise and manage an assigned team of project delivery associates who manage or support studies to ensure quality, time and budget deliverables are met."}, {"candidateid": "160", "skills": "sqa (5 years), autodesk inventor (5 years), quality control (5 years), auditing (5 years), autocad (10+ years), pro-e (6 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationcore competencies  iso requirements  internal and external audits  lab equipment  qc tools techniques and practices  quality standards   g8d, why why, problem solving  creation of 3d models  scoping & documentation  relationship & team management  sap  technical skills category  2d drafting  3d modeling  data management  pdm os  software/tools  autocad, canvas, corel draw, adobe photoshop  pro/engineer, catia v5, solidworks nitromation warehouse team center engineering, windows 2000, xp  proficiency  proficient proficient  proficient  proficient  end user proficient", "work-experience": {"company": "basf catalysts india pvt ltd - chennai, tamil nadu && caterpillar india pvt ltd - chennai, tamil nadu && cadd mission technologies - chennai, tamil nadu && visteon powertrain control systems india pvt. ltd - chennai, tamil nadu && shanrag machine tools - coimbatore, tamil nadu", "job-description": "* responsible for all levels of quality control * reviewing customer requirements and making sure they are met * looking at ways to reduce waste and increase efficiency * supervise workers engaged in inspection and testing activities to ensure high productivity and high technical integrity. * develop and analyze statistical data and product specifications to determine standards and to establish quality and reliability expectancy of finished products. * coordinate objectives with production procedures in cooperation with other plant qc teams to maximize product reliability and minimize costs. * using relevant quality tools and making sure managers and other staff understand how to improve the business * setting up and maintaining controls and documentation procedures * responsible for machine drawings and plant drawings. * tool development for production requirements. * to assist training for production engineers for the new machines and new layout change.  design engineer in spbu caterpillar india pvt ltd, chennai on deputation from ggs information services, chennai && chennai nov 08 to may 09 job responsibilities * worked for hydraulic connectors cris. * to create 3d models and detailed drawings for cat products. * the process linked with enhancing of product from existing and latest design, modeling and detailing using pro/engineer. * solely worked for transmission business unit template creation. * to get data from engineering drawing using hvc. * worked on more than 25000 drawings to the template creation. * regular interaction with process-partners to get inputs and updates. * fix the issues while opening large assembly files. possess functional experience in assembly and disassembling of large pro/e files. * handled operations in reading and interpret geometrical data into graphics in manual & technical drawing. * creation and modifications of drawings or illustrations in canvas, using vismockup and pro/e. responsible for writing cat products manual through sis authoring. && job responsibilities * responsible for reverse engineering design and development as per requirements. * involved in modeling, assembly creation & interchange, drawing generation and detailing ensuring a smooth workflow. * executed operations in conversion of 2d part drawings and assembly drawings into 3d drawings for various small-scale industries. * part design with 3d solid and surface models. * creating 2d drawing views using autocad. * assembly creation, assembly interchange, drawing generation and detailing. * managing the assembly database (as per assembly sequence) and maintaining bill of materials (bom) * applying gd&t according to standards of the customer. * concept development, product strategy and presentation preparation. && job responsibilities * hands on exposure with starter motor -armature line (for four wheeler vehicles) and performance test rigs of armature line starter motors. * resolving issues rose in the process performance of test rigs of armature line & armature dynamic balancing. * perform downtime analysis for accomplishing assigned tasks within time frame. * ensure efficiency in the process by establishing standards and develop necessary measures for a seamless operational process. * carried out 3c, 5s activities, shift production and drafting relevant pre-despatch checklist ensuring data accuracy. && job responsibilities * responsible for shift production * prepare pre-despatch checklist * standardizing a cycle time and prepare process flow chart for machining process. * organize daily meeting for updating information about both shifts.", "job title": "assistant manager in quality control && junior engineer in psid && junior design engineer && junior engineer trainee && production supervisor", "job-duration": "november 2011 to present && september 2009 to october 2011 && january 2007 to october 2008 && january 2006 to january 2007 && may 2005 to january 2006"}, "location": "chennai, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "indian institution of industrial engieering mumbai, maharashtra && shanmugh polytechnic college thanjavur, tamil nadu", "school-duration": "august 2012 to august 2017 && june 2003 to april 2005", "qualification": "be in industrial engineering && diploma in mechanical engineering"}, "resume-summary": "assistant manager - quality control manager with 11+ years of management and engineering work experience. knowledge of quality assurance activities including audits recommending and implementing corrective actions providing accurate documentation of statistical reports and ensuring overall compliance. also having experience in 3d modeling, drafting, manufacturing and technical publication."}, {"candidateid": "161", "skills": "salesforce (less than 1 year)", "additional-info": "additional information ability to work in a dynamic environment under pressure situations.  quick learner, self-motivated and a team player.", "work-experience": {"company": "global logic private limited && minvesta infotech limited", "job-description": "technical knowledge:   salesforce, apex, visualforce, triggers, asynchronusoperations, dataloader, custom objects, custom fields, page layouts, custom tabs, web tabs, reports and dashboards.  generating reports, dashboards, and customized reports and analysing the data in sfdc.  operating systems: windows xp & windows 7.  presentations/workshops:  presented a ppt on cloud computing in college.   attended a workshop on cloud computing conducted by anurag engineering college in tech fest.  achievements:   won the inter college cricket tournament held in the college during 2013.  was one among the top ten performers in niantic process (gaming) leadership:   was an organizer for the technical fest conducted in our college.  was one of the event manager fashion event in our college.   was captain for the cricket team of our college.   was back end fast quality controller for 3months.   used to train freshers and shadow their work. && none", "job title": "data analyst && worked as an analyst", "job-duration": "march 2015 to september 2016 && september 2014 to march 2015"}, "location": "hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "duration && technological institute && narayana junior college && the mother's integral school", "school-duration": "none && none && none && none", "qualification": "b.tech in cse && s.s.c && none && none"}, "resume-summary": "to become a successful professional in the field of information technology and to work in an innovative and competitive world."}]