[{"candidateid": "128", "skills": "cisco (10+ years), cisco nexus (2 years), mpls (10+ years), service provider (10+ years), routing switching (10+ years), technical team lead (2 years), internet, ipsec, dmvpn (10+ years), cisco, juniper, redback, checkpoint, juniper srx, nexus etc", "additional-info": "additional informationlooking mumbai only", "work-experience": {"company": "dimension data india ltd - mumbai, maharashtra && reliance globalcom management pvt ltd && infosys ltd - pune, maharashtra && proactive network monitoring - mumbai, maharashtra && network support - mumbai, maharashtra && wipro infotech ltd - belapur, bangla, in", "job-description": "jan 2015 till date)  reliance jio (feb 2015 - feb 2016):  working as a level 2 support on reliance jio 4g project  integration of cisco 901, 920, 903 pe devices to extend mpls vpn services to enable end to end bearer services  testing & troubleshooting mpls ldp, vpnv4, vpnv6 and ipv6 services using cisco test tools  coordinating with cisco design team on the site specific ring, peering deviations & configurations rectifications  verify and update device configurations as per the standard templates and correct them before handing over to rjil noc operations  implementation and integration of cisco nexus 2000, 3000, 5000, 7000, 9000 series devices and configurations as per vendor requirements  supporting 4g mobile vendor (mobile voice, video, billing etc) to establish lan connectivity and test services, hardware/ip level failovers and design improvements  open cisco tac cases for the faults and bugs observed and follow up for ios upgrades, workarounds for final resolutions   development bank of singapore (dbs) (mar 2016 - till date):  worked with the network consultants for primary datacenter migration project involving nexus7k, 5k, 2k, asr1000, cisco routers and switches, arista switches, juniper srx firewalls, checkpoint gaia etc. currently the secondary data center migration is in planning stage.  pan india sites migration from hub-spoke mpls gre-ipsec to dmvpn over mpls. the migration included site wan protocol (ospf to bgp over dmvpn), dc and branch design changes at the core, aggregation and access levels.  extranet partner set up over mpls with various government entities, third party finance and payment solution providers  conducting data center and branches dr drills as per client requirement  testing new site wan and lan, device hardening and documenting test results  replacing eos devices, ios upgrades as per the client information security team  hands on experience on bgp, ospf, dmvpn, ipsec, mpls, mpls vpn, switching, rstp, nat, rspan, ip sla etc  currently working on the chennai branch and contact center separation involving wan-lan new implementation.  working on data center interconnect design changes for l2 stability with cisco team and client problem management team  fort branch relocation project - this will be done phase wise where the user subnets will be migrated to the new location seamlessly keeping old setup intact until final confirmation.  providing l3 support and guidance to noc operations team for troubleshooting, traffic failovers, design changes, problem management and documenting kb's for reference. && also knows as global cloud xchange (role band manager) (jan 2012 till date)  working as tier 3 support for all escalated faults from tier 2. this includes all faults on rgcom customer devices (formerly vanco), rcom customers and vanco core.  hands on troubleshooting experience on internet adsl, private dsl, 3g, leased lines, ethernet ckts  handling customer faults related to rgcom owned shared lns, shared ipsec, mpls vpn's, customer dmvpn, ca servers, gre tunnels, isdn back ups etc  working with hardware vendors, tac support for critical faults and documentation for future references  troubleshooting faults on redback se400, 800 pe routers, foundry, extreme switches, cisco routers, juniper firewalls, bluecoat proxy devices etc. this comprises not only data faults but voice, security related faults and queries and coordinating with respective teams (gsoc, voice teams) for faster resolution.  managing faults monitored in the core - trunks, mpls, core routing and required re-routing due to faults/rtd violations. perform telco tests, supplier follow ups & coordinating with the team level 4 for device replacements, software upgrades etc  managing faults related to shared internet for global customers, customer devices hosted at co-location and follow up with colo teams for device soft checks, related faults, scheduled movements/reloads  mentoring l1 & l2 resources with related technical trainings  working with customer solution leads (csl) / customer design authority (cda) for new customer design solutions, proposing changes to current designs & workarounds  working with the global problem management team on recurring faults & solutions & drive it till permanent solution  perform impact analysis & preparing impact statements for supplier planned works on core trunks, customer links which includes analyzing fault impact, required re-routing, shifting traffic on back up to ensure minimum impact on customer business  working on an internal project for moving customers to higher version of core switches. this includes identifying customers affected, capturing number of devices, colo racks & cross connect details, preparing impact statements with backup status etc && working on a british telecom project as an l2 supporting customers of asia pac region. bt pune rce (regional center of excellence) is one of the global noc supporting managed as well as unmanaged data & voice services.  proactive monitoring of mpls vpn leased lines, back up lines such as isdn's, internet vpn's (hvpn) . hvpn (hybrid vpn) is one of the back up solutions which was replacement to isdn backup providing cheap and constant availability. it is same as internet vpn with ipsec connecting to bt mpls vpn through gateway interconnects. the daily tasks include:  fault management: router configuration management, mpls pe-ce troubleshooting, performing intrusive tests (loop test, stress test), handling escalated faults, following up with mpls core team for core link outages, customer bcp/failover test, managing suppliers escalations and maintaining sla's, working on sfi tickets (special fault investigations) for service improvements.  service delivery: understanding customer design requirements, working with service delivery team for provisioning of mpls vpns, router test and turn-up, final standard & customer configurations, service changes such as port, cos upgrades/downgrades, site migrations.  change management: customer change requests (ce lan routing changes bgp, ospf, eigrp, snmp ro access as per customer requirements), routing changes on pe for unmanaged customers.  handling duty manager role & managing customers - supplier escalations, internal bt escalations, drafting rfo's/ rca's, suggestions to problem management on service improvement plans.  handling a team of 10 shared desk members.  hands on config experience on get vpn, nni (carriers carrier services), and mpls over ethernet.  hands on config on cisco 1800, 2600, 2800, 3700, 3800, 7200 series routers, pe routers- 7200, 10k, 12k series. && job profile:  proactive monitoring and troubleshooting of managed customer networks  monitoring and troubleshooting of leased lines, isdn bri, pri lines, nailed isdn's  monitoring and troubleshooting of vsat links, mmds links  proactive monitoring and troubleshooting of mpls vpn's (l3vpn's/ l2vpn's), vpn tunnels, ip vpn's  worked on cisco 1700, 2600, 3600, 3700 series and hands on experience on cisco 7200 vxr series and similar series routers  monitoring of mpls network and following up necessary escalations  hands on experience on ospf, eigrp routing protocols  hands on experience on monitoring tools such as concord, what's up gold, cygnet  coordinating with customers for service requests, daily-weekly mrtg reports, network changes, maintenance- planned activities etc. && job profile:  network support with experience on cisco catalyst 4500, 3500, 3550, 2950 switches, 2600 series routers, 3com 3013 series routers, 3300/4200 series switches, d-link switches  switching, static routing, vtp, configuration of switches, creation of vlans, subnetting, providing access points for user desktops, assigning static ip address to desktop's  hands on experience of cisco-works 2000 nms software (campus area network manager), advantnet opmanager, cisco network assistant, solarwinds  experience on fiber optic cable network (campus area network spread over 17 km of dockyard area)  successfully established connectivity between navy fort (dock) and ho mankhurd using 3com router's (3013 routers series with v.35 interface and tellabs modems) over 256 kbps leased line && allocated site was wipro bpo ltd., 4th floor, cbd-belapur rly.station complex, belapur, navi mumbai - 400618.)  job profile:  experience of bpo environment with around1700+ desktops and entry level lan support  trouble shooting of desktop operating systems (win 98, win-xp, win 2000, win 2003) and server operating systems (win 2000 server/ advance server, win 2003)  hands on experience on branded pc's (dell-gx260/gx270/170l, hp-d330, compaq-evo, dc5000) as well as assembled hcl and ibm pc's.  exchange client mailing software such as ms-outlook 2000/xp/2003  installation of antivirus such as trend micro, symantec client and updating patches daily/weekly  hands on experience on ms-domain, active-directory (managing user accounts, password resetting, user rights and permissions), dns, dhcp & wins  managing file servers, print server and filling daily file server, exchange server; and antivirus server checklists.  experience of ghost software (norton ghost 2002) and ghost server for multiple replications of desktop o.s.  knowledge of microsoft virtual pc's, vm-ware software  professional trainning & certification:  hardware /networking and windows client/server operating systems from \"micro academy of india pvt.ltd.\" ghatkopar, mumbai.  ccna jan 2006  ccip jun - 2010 (expired in the month of jun 2013)  datacom. l2 training from wipro infotech ltd.  participated in bs7799 standards implementation  participated in bcp at wipro bpo site", "job title": "technical specialist && 2) worked as l3 assurance engineer && 3) worked as technology lead && 4) worked as network engineer && 5) worked as resident engineer && facility management engineer", "job-duration": "january 2015 to present && january 2012 to december 2014 && april 2007 to december 2011 && august 2006 to april 2007 && january 2006 to august 2006 && september 2004 to december 2005"}, "location": "navi mumbai, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "bharati vidyapeeth college of engg mumbai, maharashtra && bharati vidyapeeth && st. xavier's high school, nerul / mumbai university mumbai, maharashtra && institution/ university", "school-duration": "november 2003 && june 2000 && march 1997 && none", "qualification": "be in electronics & telecommunication && electronics & telecommunication && s.s.c. && none"}, "resume-summary": "to get a job that will help me highlight my professional skills and learn how to develop them further to effectively apply them resulting in better output."}, {"candidateid": "129", "skills": "solution architect (10+ years), java (10+ years), coding (10+ years), agile (4 years), cloud computing (4 years), innovation (10+ years), planning & design (10+ years), individual contributor (10+ years), usability (10+ years), big data (2 years), hadoop (2 years), sql (10+ years), mapreduce (2 years), spark (2 years), scala (2 years), python (3 years), pig (2 years), hive (2 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationareas of expertise: solution & technical architect with expertise in driving product vision and product road mapping across assignments. overseeing the entire product lifecycle feasibility through scoping, requirements definition through specification, design, development, quality assurance, integration and implementation  preference location: bangalore position: solution architect / product management / technical director domain: software development target position & industry: software development  it skills software product management, solution architect, sdlc, planning, specification, design, innovation, agile, usability, scalability, storage, aws, cloud computing, vmware, hadoop, mapreduce, hive, spark, scala, oracle, sybase, mssql, mysql, postgresql, db2, windows, all unix, c, java, j2ee, soa, javascript, rest, json, hibernate, xml, tcl, perl, yacc, jenkins, svn, replication, truecopy, global mirror, tpcr, emc srdf, symstar, netapp.  core competencies product management detailed design execution people management technical expertise bfsi domain exposure  personality traits executive leadership innovation implementation, execution business transformation organizational change manager people & culture development flexibility, adaptability", "work-experience": {"company": "jigsaw academy - bangalore, karnataka && sanovi technologies private limited - bangalore, karnataka && abu dhabi islamic bank - abu dhabi && sanovi technologies - bangalore, karnataka && union bank of switzerland - stamford, ct && nynex science & technology (now verizon) - white plains, ny && ascom timeplex inc - woodcliff lake, nj && coromandel software ltd - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": " experienced big data specialist and architect with a focus on full cycle technical delivery of systems based on big data. starting from extract/transform/load data from rdbms, flat files, logs, events etc in batch or real-time emphasizing efficiency at each level. attention to industry and customer requirements for proper filtering and population of vital information. always provide interactive, flexible, modifiable solutions with simple, easy to understand user interfaces and feedback. able to think abstractly and deal with ambiguous/under-defined problems and missing data.  experienced in data analytics, providing the user with the means to get answers to data queries, typically customized and flexible. this required lot of business understanding, data availability and access study, model, evaluate and deploy. extensive experience in ad-hoc big data query and presentation. manage, architect, develop and implement high end big data software products and services involving large scale data processing  data ingestion, in-stream analytics and batch analytics. worked in banking and investment banking, telcom, data centers to be able to provide big data solutions.  used the following analytics tools: ms excel, rstudio, tableau, and r.  expertise in business requirement gathering, analysis & conceptualizing high-level architectural framework & design experienced in big data application development involving various data processing techniques  data ingestion, in-stream data processing, batch analytics, data persistence strategy (sharing & replication)  experienced in designing, architecting data warehousing platforms  excellent knowledge, experience with the hadoop stack: hadoop, mapreduce, hdfs, yarn, avro, parquet, flume, sqoop, pig, hive, scala, spark, r, hbase, storm, kafka, zookeeper, python, oozie, etc  solid exposure to scala functional programming and its application in big data and other areas. used scala in scripts and full scale applications. exposure to nosql platforms like mongodb & cassandra  aim to obtain cloudera certification for ccp data engineer and cca spark and hadoop developer. && reporting to vp, engineering  responsibilities:  responsible for product management, solution architecture, design, prototype and functional specifications for a product company.  hands on experience in project planning, implementation, proof of concept, documentation and training.  conceived and implemented an innovative idea of an in-house large-scale demo set-up for the software product, which resulted in substantial resource and time savings.  in-depth knowledge of software internals to implement significant improvements in end user experiences. lead a team of technical plus qa to re-orient projects to improve & speed up deliverable's.  used service and client feedback to raise and fix bugs, implement improvements and study competitive products in the marketplace.  managed the development of new solutions that are consistent and integrated well with existing framework of the sanovi drm product. the product implements disaster recovery solutions for all database vendors and replication technologies. implementation covered java, tcl, internal and 3rd party cli/api, interfaces and workflows.  analysed and interpreted functional specifications of 3rd party products and then designed, implemented and tested an architectural solution that was described in a clear, readable solution document. solutions conformed to software/hardware vendor recommended best practices and reflected client configuration and setup. the solution design allowed for variations in client setup and highlight pre-requisites and constraints.  produced comprehensive questionnaires and procedures that sales/service teams used on-site to determine client's environment and expectations.  maintained oversight and dealt with issues discovered during detailed design, development, implementation and test phases of the development project and, where necessary, updated, refined, expanded and re-issued the solution. interacted with developers and project managers to evaluate feasibility of requirements and determined priorities for development.  provided domain expertise to pre-sales, sales and service teams. main technical point of contact during product deployment at customers.  experienced in database internals, database optimisation, performance analysis and improvement. fully knowledgeable of sql and able to implement complex sql reports that avoid un-necessary disk i/o and produce results very fast. able to understand rdbms interaction with network and operating system and application software and provide solutions and areas of enhancement and improvement. experienced in network optimization and rdbms server configuration.  extensive knowledge of sdlc and agile development methodology along with hands on experience in domains such as banking, investment banking, telecom and man machine interfaces.  achievements:  project manager to completely automate bharti airtel's dr drill, converted the client's detailed manual workflows to automated workflows.  innovative idea aimed at creating a complete 30 server in-house demo setup comprising of oracle, sybase, mssql, db2, postgresql, mysql databases with emc srdf, ibm global mirror, hitachi true copy, db2 hadr, netapp snapmirror replication.  reduced the sales & marketing approach to customers and increased the customer benefits/pain points and cost/efficiency improvement approach which resulted in larger and friendlier customer response and business.  user interface redesign project to review and improve end-user experience of the user interface. we studied user errors, complexity, confusion and assumptions and implemented improvements in error detailing and error handling, introduced single page summaries and graphical reports.  always achieved a high level of customer and product understanding to recommend low cost innovative changes to procedural, operational and technical areas which resulted in dramatic gains for the business. && skills: domain expertise, product knowledge (oracle, sybase, emc srdf, sanovi drm), software development and deployment scope: lead a team that developed and installed a comprehensive and complete disaster recovery setup for critical oracle and sybase database applications using sanovi drm product and emc srdf a-sync replication. client environment was studied and automated workflows developed using best practices from emc. team was encouraged to anticipate problems in advance, emphasis flexibility and user friendliness, develop easy to understand user interfaces and listen and learn from client feedback. && user interface redesign project to review and improve end-user experience of the user interface. studied user errors, complexity, confusion and assumptions and implemented improvements in error detailing and error handling, introduced single page summaries and graphical reports. improved page refresh rates, performance, integration of ui with backend, separation of pages to monitoring, management, drills and report sections, etc. when latest information was not able to be obtained, text was added to indicate to the user that the page data was nn hours old. && reporting to associate director  responsibilities:  extensively worked in support as well as software design and development.  rendered daily and especially during night on-call support for all the systems and provided guidance to new support persons in singapore to narrow down problems and guide them to a solution. this required training and familiarizing new support users with our systems, bank procedures and other it departments in the bank. achievements:  project leader of a team of six for the banks legacy systems replacement project that was used by 1500 users globally to access an ibm mainframe. came up with a 6-month plan for moving all users to the new system on a staged weekly basis and decommission components of the old system as they became redundant. the global project, impacting 1500 users, was completed successfully. all were very surprised that it could be done and with low impact on the users and the business. && reporting to associate director responsibilities:  domain expert, sybase database api, specification, design documents, implementation, coding and testing. achievements:  data modelling, database tables design, normalisation, implementation and api library development in c and sybase open-client. the api library required well defined interfaces, error handling and documentation covering all requirements of a large number of modules that use it. provided extensive reports using optimised, efficient sql queries in data warehouse style and model. && reporting to project manager responsibilities:  involved in the design, implementation, coding, broad product expertise and review. domain expert, top-level design, code review, extensive code fixing and re-design. && none", "job title": "big data specialist & architect && principal solution architect && project leader && solution architect && system architect && database developer && computer consultant && project manager", "job-duration": "march 2016 to june 2017 && january 2005 to june 2015 && february 2012 to may 2012 && february 2011 to august 2011 && january 1998 to july 2004 && may 1994 to december 1997 && january 1992 to december 1993 && january 1989 to june 1991"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "national institute of technology", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "bachelor's in electrical & electronics engineering"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "116", "skills": "windows 7, windows 10, office365 (8 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "here india solutions pvt. ltd - airoli, maharashtra && vendor management - mumbai, maharashtra && ugam solutions pvt. ltd && ugam solutions pvt. ltd - thane, maharashtra && beltronics consultancy && beltronics consultancy - goregaon, maharashtra && alphabetics computer service pvt. ltd && none", "job-description": "job responsibilities:  responsible for providing second-level and third-level end-user technical support including advanced software installation, documentation and special projects as part of the technical support team.  completing assigned hardware related installation and problem tickets and documents ticket status and resolutions.  completing assigned software related installation and problem tickets and documents ticket status and resolutions.  documentation for end-user, installation and other technical procedures.  participating in research, testing of new technologies or issues and other special projects.  assisting in technical training of staff.  incident management: reviewing remedy tickets workflow of l1 and l2 technicians and resolution within define sla.  vendor management, procurement per business requirement inline with budgetary amount.  technical skill:  installation and troubleshooting of wintel systems.  troubleshooting on in-house applications.  office365, skype for business installation and troubleshooting  hardware troubleshooting for dell systems i.e. laptop and workstations, konica printers,  epson, dell, view sonic, nec projectors (lan) installations and troubleshooting. && 2. perkins eastman design consultant pvt. ltd. january 2013 to may 2016 job responsibilities:  single point of contact and overall it support to the mumbai (india) office location (overseeing consultants in dubai and shanghai as well), while collaborating with support, systems, applications and network specialists throughout the firm on technology project design and implementation.  committed to enforcing all it policies, including helpdesk procedures.  responsible to respond quickly to emergency support situations.   troubleshooting of microsoft office 365 outlook  excellent problem solving skills including use of remote management systems.  vendor management in terms of isp, epabx, pri phone, printer amc, dell, lenovo, hp desktop and laptop  standard configuration of mobile device and travelling laptop  seating rearrangement, new hire setup, network account/security management.  server backup and patch management.  accomplishment:  migration of old printers with new xerox work center in economic cost and best valuable service.  successfully implementation of windows 7 image build project to all locations (mumbai, dubai and shanghai) before deadline  smoothly organized the project planning and implementation of it infrastructure setup for mumbai office relocation  active participation in other office activities (helping to the staff for non-it work in their design competitions)  technical skill:  server/workstation installation and troubleshooting (windows server 2012/r2, windows 7/8)  active directory user/group creation/deletion, cleanup of inactive objects, group policy implementation  virtual technology (vmware)  mobile technology (smartphones, laptops, tablet/ipad, etc.)  telephony (desktop & conference room analog, digital, voip systems and solutions)  collaboration tools (file exchange/sharing, dfs etc.)  business applications (ms office, adobe creative suite, etc.)  aec applications (autocad, revit, 3ds max, rhino, sketchup, newforma-data transmission tool, adobe cc packs etc.)  microsoft office 2010 & office 365 end user installation and troubleshooting  canon & xerox business printer troubleshooting  wireless printer & projectors troubleshooting & support  troubleshooting of branded hp, dell, lenovo desktop, notebooks, tablet book. hp, dell servers  setup and configuration of webex user account, meeting setup and technical support for conference meeting. && job responsibilities:  managing service desk & desktop supports team (15 members) across 3 locations through remote support.  maintaining license inventory of various types of application & hardware. (asset mgmt.)  service desk monitoring & special attendance on escalation calls / reports, maintaining it service as per the company's business policies. (iso standard)  vendor management i.e. hardware warranty, purchase of new h/w & s/w.  managing engineer's shift schedule, recruitment.  responsibility to handle sr. mgmt. & critical operational dept. service calls.  managing network & data security process,  monitoring daily checklist of printers, video conference & projectors.  accomplishment:  achieved internal team award for new dell desktop deployment for all desired users.  active participation of project planning and implementation of it infrastructure setup for mahalaxmi office movement to thane.  great team player role for pre audit of iso certificate renew program.  technical skill:  windows xp and windows 7 desktop operating systems, ms office 2007 & 2010  win 2003 & 2008 server installation & exchange server and active directory in an enterprise environment user and group creation  experience supporting remote, home and users.  basic knowledge of cisco telecoms platform.  polycom audio conferencing applications with experience setting up and troubleshooting. audio/video calls and presentations  installation & troubleshooting of business applications (client recommended spss, client vpn)  maintain license application records sheet.  installation & troubleshooting of branded desktops, laptops, printers, scanner hp, dell, ibm  configuration & troubleshooting of trend micro officescan servers, clients. scanning of virus infected machines & there reports, policies & scan methods.  managing internet access & monitoring user's usage, web-content service. (cyberoam)  support us & other international users through remote desktop tools (goverlan)  handling the user access management: user creation, modification & deactivation, email id creation on exchange server. bes admin, iphone, android active sync, email group, user permission, configuration of some group policies.  managing usb, external storage device access control server. && goregaon. managed role of it site incharge for desktop and network support, lead the 3 level 1 engineers. && 5. alphabetics computer service pvt. ltd. july 2004 - april 2005. worked as a customer support engineer, handled desktop level 1 tickets also worked on netbackup for file server, exchange server etc.  highlighted key skills: team management:  positively leading the team to support the global it operations by performing day to day monitoring & operation of business systems +1500 nationwide nodes, liaising with local service line & assisting with problem diagnosis and resolution.  assigning kra, monitoring overall performance, mentoring/sharing new trick and technology within team. engineer shift schedule, appraisal, escalations and capacity to handle 15-20 size of level 1 and level 2 engineers.  it service management:  providing metric reports to upper management regarding helpdesk stats. maintaining the documentation /procedure to fix known error.  deliver it services management (itsm) solutions based on itil best practices that focused on the people, process, and technology, and information perspectives of providing business solutions within the it infrastructure. this includes all aspects of itil best practices and methods from design, planning, implementation, and support.  communicate within internal and external team and sending alerts and announcements in case of major it failure, important notifications or any maintenance activities with proper etr.  centralizing it asset inventory, asset tagging, updating availability and capacity catalog. iso procedure:  adhering the security policies as per ismf, participating in dr test, bcp within organization.  analyzing and reporting the illegal activities, data security issues, virus infection issues working closely and covertly with iso team.  following up the approval metrics as per given by ismf in terms of new software, 3rd party application, right and permission as per the business requirement and analyzing the risk factor and provide some alternate solution with the authority of iso.  vendor management:  improved vendor management skill in terms of new hardware/software procurement, licensing, upgradation of maintenance service/ contract, isp, pri related issues, invoice negotiation to match the economic price as per it budget.  coordination with dell, hp, lenovo vendor for hardware failure issue, following up with them for solution and parts replacement against system warranty.  it audit and finance budget:  reviewing all it records with cmdb and reports, if needed doing physical checkup.  liquidation of outdated systems.  adherence of security policy and data loss prevention task to successfully complete the iso certification and it compliance audit.  collecting the information from customers and finalizing the data for the budget of new requirement with the confirmation of higher authority.  date abhijit sudhakar kulkarni. (signature) && none && none && none", "job title": "technical support specialist && perkins eastman architect && single point of contact and overall it support to the mumbai && sr. desktop administrator && asset mgmt && sr. f.m. engineer && senior facility management engineer && customer support engineer", "job-duration": "august 2016 to january 2017 && january 2013 to may 2016 && january 2013 to may 2016 && december 2008 to december 2012 && december 2008 to december 2012 && may 2005 to november 2008 && may 2005 to november 2008 && july 2004 to april 2005"}, "location": "navghar, maharashtra, 401105, in", "education": {"institute": "tv sd akademie gmbh", "school-duration": "2012", "qualification": "certification in foundation"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "130", "skills": " sap r/3 pp module (version- ecc 6.0)  material forecasting & call off (scm) & isupply (7 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationm [] [] e harish1241@gmail.com", "work-experience": {"company": "novartis health care private limited - hyderabad, andhra pradesh && manufacturing- production - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": "- responsible for creating sap batch numbers within global organization. - manage day to day operations of material inventory and transport for phad projects across global sites. - responsible for the supply chain management of excipients within a global organization. - responsible for forecasting and budgeting of excipients within the global organization in close collaboration with formulation experts and project teams. - ordering of excipients for internal and external manufacturing, close collaboration with release unit on release dates, expiry dates, initiation of retest, ensuring safety stocks as well as evaluation of new excipients and new suppliers in close collaboration with formulation experts and project teams. - co-ordination with global supply team to ensure smooth transfer of materials to different global locations of outsourced partners as per timeline for materials. - ensure the placing of all the purchase requisitions and also complete the accuracy of materials and vendor master data where required and ensure an oversight function of these purchasing activities. - ensure data for external batches are being available on time for data entry in isupply p99. - with the monthly update received from sourcing trd, ensure that the external po batches definitions are correctly reflected in isupply (update, creation and deletion of vendors and corresponding info records) allowing the ordering process - review and monitor the monthly external ordering. - to create isupply sap material master data views for api, excipients, packaging.  - contribution to the master data management in sap. - materials forecast and call off as per development projects and clinical supply batch requirements to india or outsourced partners as required. - feedback from stakeholders (formulation project leader, sourcing, global system owners and outsourced partners) about sap handling and material management. - support the formulation experts in filling out the application sheet for external sourcing - create batches for sourced goods in isupply. - create purchase requisition in isupply, which will replace the phamos bdo - assign purchase requisitions to vendors and transform purchase requisitions in purchase orders in isupply - create sales orders in the techops sap system p75 for dp manufactured by techops - spoc for colleagues in india for placing their forecasts and calloff in the phad forecasting tool - responsible for excipient management inventory control which includes tracking of shipment from logistics to the receiver && project scope: - material master guardian upload material master via lsmw, create work centre, bom & alternate bom, routing, production order, create set list for monthly basis as per ppc plan, production confirmation, costing run for new material, sap stock matching with physical stock, physical inventory for stock adjustment, effect of physical inventory on cost evaluation, material dispatch, create reservation, create indent for material, release indent, split up material for (in-house, purchase other), support to z-report formation for development report, make bdc format for upload, daily check production in z-report in sap, configuration setting, batch making, characteristic making, class making, material master extended, stock transfer to one storage location to other, run full cycle in pp module. also integration between sap& barcoding system implement successfully.  module: sap pp - full cycle implementation involving project preparation, business blueprint, realization, final preparation and go-live and support.  scope of work: - end to end sap implementation - high expertise in pp module and dedicatedly worked as an internal core team member (ictm) for the implementation of the same. (project title-rise) - prepared user requirement specification (urs) document and given the same to counterpart to fulfill the expected requirements from sap. - done csv (computer system validation) documentation during sap implementation for all the above mentioned testing's. - worked on assignment of fields to selection groups in master data, defined the data field properties. - coordinated with all the members of internal core team and head of the departments during sap implementation. - strong team player with excellent analytical, interpersonal and organizational skills. - batch determination strategy as per fifo sled. - conducted training sessions to the end users during sap implementation without hampering project time lines. - involved in collecting material master, vendor master, open purchase orders which were exists in the legacy system and i have migrated the same from legacy system to the new erp (sap ecc 6.0) by using legacy system migration workbench (lsmw) and bdc programming's. - extensive unit testing for go-live with roles and authorizations. - experience of all the phases of the full life cycle project implementation, gathering business requirement, business blue printing, realization, unit testing, integration testing, go - live preparation and post production support. - analysing the issues and providing the solution. - responsible for preparation of presentations for training end users besides development of quick reference guides for users. - expertise in gathering requirements from end users and transforming the requirements into functional documents in ricef components. - integrated pp, pp-pi with mm in goods movement, back flushing, automatic goods receipt, sto process, reservations, productionorder, planning, purchase requisition, mrp process, sub-contracting. - configured and evaluated the cost centers, mapping with work centers, carried out product costing for different materials including semi-finished, finished, co-products etc.  - expertise in setting up pp master data, mrp, boms, routings, work centers/ resources, planned order management, planning and optimization. - configured demand management plant parameters such as mrp groups, mrp controllers, mrp types, and lot-sizing procedure. - assisted key users in developed reference help desk for end users in the plant. prepared documents and manuals for training. - interacted with the controlling team to solve issues related to costing sheet, activity pricing, work center, activity type and cost center assignment mapping, product cost collectors. - documenting and getting signoff the business blueprint print document by the process owners.  other professional domain experience (non-sap)", "job title": "material data management-specialist && assistant manager manufacturing", "job-duration": "january 2016 to present && december 2005 to december 2015"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "kuvempu university of shimoga shimoga, karnataka", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "master's"}, "resume-summary": "novartis health care private limited  jan- 2016 present (industry : oral formulation)  material data management-specialist (sap mm & pp)  - responsible for creating sap batch numbers within global organization. - manage day to day operations of material inventory and transport for phad projects across global sites. - responsible for the supply chain management of excipients within a global organization. - responsible for forecasting and budgeting of excipients within the global organization in close collaboration with formulation experts and project teams. - ordering of excipients for internal and external manufacturing, close collaboration with release unit on release dates, expiry dates, initiation of retest, ensuring safety stocks as well as evaluation of new excipients and new suppliers in close collaboration with formulation experts and project teams. - co-ordination with global supply team to ensure smooth transfer of materials to different global locations of outsourced partners as per timeline for materials. - ensure the placing of all the purchase requisitions and also complete the accuracy of materials and vendor master data where required and ensure an oversight function of these purchasing activities. - ensure data for external batches are being available on time for data entry in isupply p99. - with the monthly update received from sourcing trd, ensure that the external po batches definitions are correctly reflected in isupply (update, creation and deletion of vendors and corresponding info records) allowing the ordering process - review and monitor the monthly external ordering. - to create isupply sap material master data views for api, excipients, packaging.  - contribution to the master data management in sap. - materials forecast and call off as per development projects and clinical supply batch requirements to india or outsourced partners as required. - feedback from stakeholders (formulation project leader, sourcing, global system owners and outsourced partners) about sap handling and material management. - support the formulation experts in filling out the application sheet for external sourcing - create batches for sourced goods in isupply. - create purchase requisition in isupply, which will replace the phamos bdo - assign purchase requisitions to vendors and transform purchase requisitions in purchase orders in isupply - create sales orders in the techops sap system p75 for dp manufactured by techops - spoc for colleagues in india for placing their forecasts and calloff in the phad forecasting tool - responsible for excipient management inventory control which includes tracking of shipment from logistics to the receiver  biocon ltd  july-2015 to dec-2015 (industry : manufacturing production) assistant manager manufacturing   feb-2012 to may 2015 present (industry : manufacturing production) senior manufacturing executive  project scope: - material master guardian upload material master via lsmw, create work centre, bom & alternate bom, routing, production order, create set list for monthly basis as per ppc plan, production confirmation, costing run for new material, sap stock matching with physical stock, physical inventory for stock adjustment, effect of physical inventory on cost evaluation, material dispatch, create reservation, create indent for material, release indent, split up material for (in-house, purchase other), support to z-report formation for development report, make bdc format for upload, daily check production in z-report in sap, configuration setting, batch making, characteristic making, class making, material master extended, stock transfer to one storage location to other, run full cycle in pp module. also integration between sap& barcoding system implement successfully. module: sap pp - full cycle implementation involving project preparation, business blueprint, realization, final preparation and go-live and support.  scope of work: - end to end sap implementation - high expertise in pp module and dedicatedly worked as an internal core team member (ictm) for the implementation of the same. (project title-rise). - prepared user requirement specification (urs) document and given the same to counterpart to fulfill the expected requirements from sap. - done csv (computer system validation) documentation during sap implementation for all the above mentioned testings. - worked on assignment of fields to selection groups in master data, defined the data field properties. - coordinated with all the members of internal core team and head of the departments during sap implementation. - strong team player with excellent analytical, interpersonal and organizational skills. - batch determination strategy as per fifo sled. - conducted training sessions to the end users during sap implementation without hampering project time lines. - involved in collecting material master, vendor master, open purchase orders which were exists in the legacy system and i have migrated the same from legacy system to the new erp (sap ecc 6.0) by using legacy system migration workbench (lsmw) and bdc programmings. - extensive unit testing for go-live with roles and authorizations. - experience of all the phases of the full life cycle project implementation, gathering business requirement, business blue printing, realization, unit testing, integration testing, go - live preparation and post production support. - analysing the issues and providing the solution. - responsible for preparation of presentations for training end users besides development of quick reference guides for users. - expertise in gathering requirements from end users and transforming the requirements into functional documents in ricef components. - integrated pp,pp-pi with mm in goods movement, back flushing, automatic goods receipt, sto process,reservations,productionorder,planning,purchase requisition,mrp process, sub-contracting. - configured and evaluated the cost centers, mapping with work centers, carried out product costing for different materials including semi-finished, finished, co-products etc. - expertise in setting up pp master data, mrp, boms, routings, work centers/ resources, planned order management, planning and optimization. - configured demand management plant parameters such as mrp groups, mrp controllers, mrp types, and lot-sizing procedure. - assisted key users in developed reference help desk for end users in the plant. prepared documents and manuals for training. - interacted with the controlling team to solve issues related to costing sheet, activity pricing, work center, activity type and cost center assignment mapping, product cost collectors. - documenting and getting signoff the business blueprint print document by the process owners.  other professional domain experience (non-sap) biocon ltd senior manufacturing executive dec-2005- feb 2012 (industry : manufacturing production)  areas of responsibility: - supervising the execution of production plans - preparing plans for daily manufacturing & packing activities based on the production plan & working towards the successful execution & achievement of the plan. - proficient in handling of erp. - product traceability from raw materials to finished products. - raw material planning in coordination with supply chain management (scm) and stores. - costing and budgeting for production department. - worked in production planning in capex & engg department. - maintained trackers for all types of purchase orders to know the execution and delay of the same. - faced internal audits for all queries. - proven abilities to enhance the production process operations optimize resource & capacity utilization; escalate productivity & operational efficiencies; while curtailing the costs/ expenses. - process enhancements -materials management quality. - understanding business process, study and analyses workflow to design solutions. preparing requirement document for approval. creating the business environment and prepare functional specifications. - knowledge of material master, routing, demand management and material requirement planning. - overseeing production related tasks including planning, control and trouble shooting. - mentoring & directing routine/ non routine quality issues by interacting with concerned departments such as purchase, production, etc. of projects till completion. - participated in workshop with sap consultant to give information on business process. - supervise and lead a team of supervisors/operators in achieving department target through optimum utilization of available resources at minimum cost. - plan and manage manpower, equipment and material for production. - schedule and assign duties to supervisors / production operators and place them in relevant work station in accordance to their skills and experience - retrain pp key users and users.  awards during my experience: - received the act card from novartis associate for the support with respect to calloff, sap batch number creation for 3rd party & sap support. - management of biocon rewarded me with a momentum called best performer award and rewarded with two months basic salary in recognition of my efforts in sap operations. - got appreciations from top management of biocon ltd for successful sap roll outs of malaysia.  sap trainings (attended) date module # course jun [] pp -production planning"}, {"candidateid": "131", "skills": "microsoft office, word & excel (2 years), capable of training on english grammar, sentence structure and vocabulary (less than 1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationpersonal skills   dependable and hardworking professional.  able to work with minimal supervision and an independent worker  strong communication skills, planning, and multitasking skills.  dedication in work, self-confidence and optimistic.", "work-experience": {"company": "hcl comnet && accenture services private ltd && sutherland global services", "job-description": "none && none && none", "job title": "specialist (data center operations) && level g (service desk analyst) && senior technical support executive", "job-duration": "july 2012 to january 2016 && february 2011 to july 2012 && october 2008 to february 2011"}, "location": "chennai, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "t.j. institute of technology chennai, tamil nadu && boston matriculation higher secondary school chennai chennai, tamil nadu && boston matriculation higher secondary school chennai chennai, tamil nadu", "school-duration": "2004 to 2008 && 2003 to 2004 && 2001 to 2002", "qualification": "b.e. in (computer science), year && hsc && sslc"}, "resume-summary": "* had undergone communication trainings in the past which make me well aware of the job's task needs. * have been constantly working on cultivating the knowledge over english and the culture of its native speakers. * quick learner and willingness to learn new concepts and finding ways to apply them practically.  others   received many appreciation emails from customers & also received bravo award for 100% attendance in sutherland global services.  rewarded as the quality topper for the year 2010 in sutherland global services (acer process)"}, {"candidateid": "122", "skills": "microsoft office,mobile phone hardware,servicing,qualitycontrol.flashing procedure (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills:  quality control  strong knowledge of mobile hardware and android technical properties.  strong knowledge in l3 and l4 servicing.  good knowledge in mobile phone flashing procedure.  familiar with all mobile phone operating systems.  proficient in microsoft office.  windows xp, 7, 8, 10.  c, c++  core competencies:  proven ability to use influence and persuasion to get results  good analytical and planning skills  ability to work with imperfect data/info, overall ability to take the risk and key decision making points.  hard working and consistent  pressure handling  ability to deal with people diplomatically.  together with team optimize process and overall team efficacy.  ethical and customer first attitude.  good communicative skills.  employer & positions held  payless (a unit of rk group) valucart.in as quality specialist jan 2016 till present  britco and bridco as mobile phone servicing training faculty from dec 2014 to jan 2016  britco and bridco as mobile phone service engineer from aug 2010 to dec 2013", "work-experience": {"company": "valuecart.in && none && none", "job-description": "quality control:  quality controlling of different mobile phones including android, i os, windows, blackberry os.  monitor and take actions to improve qc process.  coordinating qc team members to achieve better results  detecting problems with mobile phones (hardware and software) and categorizing for the repairing purpose.  implementing new qc techniques according to upgradation of the mobile phones.  organizing level 2 repairing facilities. ie, flashing and changing components. servicing:  giving quotations to the service centers for repairing purpose.  monitor and manage mobile service center and back-end supply chain operations.  conducting weekly reviews.  input incident details in to it systems and share management review reports.  field checking of service center facilities.  constantly monitoring qc performance and process.  inventory management:  data arrangement of the devices based on their status.  managing customer returns and repairs.  sort devices which is beyond economic repairment condition.  technical support:  understanding customer's needs and giving proper technical advice. && routed students to appropriate faculty advisor in mobile phone hardware and software &&  update the call details and complete documentation of records.  determine client needs, strategically provide solutions and enhance identity development.  handling level 1 to level 4 service.  understanding customer requirement and always aim to exceed customer expectations", "job title": "quality specialist && faculty && mobile phone service engineer", "job-duration": "january 2016 to present && december 2014 to january 2016 && august 2010 to december 2013"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "swami nithyananda poly technic kanhangad kannangad, kerala", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "diploma in electronics and communication"}, "resume-summary": "diploma in electronics and communication and certified course in mobile phone hardware and software technology with 4 + year of experience in mobile phone servicing, mobile phone servicing faculty and quality specialist."}, {"candidateid": "116", "skills": "technical support,operations manager,team lead,tech support, troubleshooting,tech sales,manager,international bpo,team management,team handling, business development, e-commerce (9 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "eyetech pvt ltd - noida, uttar pradesh && pandaje group - noida, uttar pradesh && intuites infohub pvt ltd - noida, uttar pradesh && iyogi technical services pvt. ltd - gurgaon, haryana && lime spot technologies - noida, uttar pradesh && unisys global services india - bangalore, karnataka && ageis - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": "roles and responsibility: taking care of the complete tech support center individually, handling team leader's, teams (technical/ sales/customer service support) providing action plan, monitoring overall performance of services, building service reports. && job description: pandaje tech is a global next-generation computer support service provider and since its inception in 2008, the company is showing high growth in this area. with time, the company has cut through the ranks and has today emerged a center of trust for customers across us.  roles and responsibility:  responsible for team's performance on operational metrics.  define overall monthly target for sales (inbound/outbound) &tech support team  monitor team performance & motivate team to achieve their targets  share program updates, concern areas with solutions  drive overall project kpi  train resources - need based  ensure adherence to reporting timelines both by tl's, tse  ensure all hygiene factors are achieved & maintained  proactively sense any future attrition & plan accordingly  ensures team is meeting/ surpassing the targets and review the performance with the director /vertical head (vh)  effectively manage entire shift operations individually. && job description: intuites is a leading software development and consulting firm based in new jersey (usa), techniday is other arm as a dba of intuites dealing in providing technical support services to its overseas clients across us/canada, targeting home and small business users.. services include desktop/laptop related issues, antivirus support, printer, mac support, data recovery and even more.  roles and responsibility: proficient in managing the projects individually for multiple customers, service delivery, technology support and technical troubleshooting under windows/mac based platforms and applications. assignments included business development strategy, team management (sales team)   keeping the motivation level high within the team.  ensuring a healthy and positive work environment  participate actively in the appraisal process for team members  perform quality checks of team's output to ensure high standard of quality && period: november 2009 to september 2012 job description: iyogi is a leading organization based in gurgaon, dealing in rendering technical and customer support services to its overseas clients; designated as technical specialist the job profile is of rendering the technical support services to the overseas customer for the hardware and software issues. roles and responsibility:  acted as a team member for the live escalation team (similar to l3) worked on escalated technical issues of l1 and l2 teams.  also acted as senior tech sales member, subscribe customer to the paid support. && period: september 2008 to september 2009  roles and responsibility:  direct user support for lime exchange & lime domains (e-commerce): email, chat support and also providing telephonic assistance to get projects from the buyers.  product support: monitor, report, escalate any product, production issues impacting users, writing blogs and giving new offers to the existing and new customers on daily bases. && roles and responsibility:  resolving engineers queries through emails, after verifying with emc helpdesk  assigning calls, pmo reports, csat survey  good excel skills worked on vlookup formulas, pivot tables and charts. && roles and responsibility:  provides customer care services for western union money transfer worldwide", "job title": "operations manager (sales/support) && operations manager (sales/support) && team lead (sales/support) && technical specialist (tech sales/tech support) && product support specialist (business development) && service support representative && customer care officer", "job-duration": "july 2015 to present && july 2014 to july 2015 && september 2012 to july 2014 && november 2009 to september 2012 && september 2008 to september 2009 && september 2005 to october 2007 && september 2004 to august 2005"}, "location": "new delhi, delhi", "education": {"institute": "city college mysore, karnataka", "school-duration": "2003", "qualification": "bca in bank"}, "resume-summary": "to seek a career in the area of it enabled services applying my professional experience, training and educational background."}, {"candidateid": "132", "skills": "advanced excel specialist expert from microsoft office.", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical qualification:  operating system windows xp, windows 7, windows 8. microsoft office ms-word, ms-excel, ms-power point & ms-publisher.  have done my mba in supply chain management and logistics", "work-experience": {"company": "hcl technologies - chennai, tamil nadu", "job-description": " have a good knowledge on monitoring tools like scom 2012, solar winds, oem (oracle enterprise manager), vcenter, srm(storage resource management), appdynamic and ticketing tool like service now.  monitor and maintain efficiency of the computer systems, servers, software and networks ..  creating incident tickets for the qualified alerts using the ticketing tool service now.  quickly address the critical alerts by following up and coordinating with respective it support team till the resolution  placing the servers in maintenance mode using scom tool during any maintenance activity performed (change) in it infrastructure.  ensured compliance to the departmental policies and procedures.  managed phone calls and redirected it to the appropriate individual or department.  provided optimal level of customer services and decided low and high priority.  ensured all objectives and goal of the program and projects were met.  sending the open ticket tracker report which contains the open incidents, open change and open service request, of all the it infrastructure support team to the management daily.  preparing track wise report on a weekly basis for the need of incident count.", "job title": " working as a data center operator analyst on monitoring and event management team (infrastructure service division),", "job-duration": "none"}, "location": "chennai, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "loyola college ( pondichery university) chennai, tamil nadu && gopal ramalingam engg college(anna university) chennimalai, tamil nadu && fatima matric hr sec school && fatima matric hr sec school", "school-duration": "august 2014 to june 2016 && august 2010 to may 2014 && 2010 && 2008", "qualification": "m.ba in operations and supply chain management && b.tech in information technology && h.s.c && s.s.l.c"}, "resume-summary": "to be a part of a progressive firm offering opportunity for career advancement and professional growth and which will help me gain sufficient knowledge"}, {"candidateid": "105", "skills": " excellent verbal communication skills  good logical reasoning & analytical skills  clear understanding of the quality role  good interpersonal skills  knowledge of spread sheets & presentations (4 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationkey responsibilities in previous company:   responsible for the performance of 25 support agents (voice, chat and email)  evaluate transactions as per the qa guidelines  deliver feedback to the associate based on the observations  assist the team on the identified areas of opportunity and improve the quality of transaction  conduct internal and external calibrations with the client  process clarifications with inputs on variance  analysis of data based on trends identified - customer satisfaction, agent behavior, and other necessary root cause analysis  audits to ensure compliance of agreed action plans  interact with the client for process updates", "work-experience": {"company": "knoah solutions pvt ltd - hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "job-description": "two years and eight months of experience as a quality assurance specialist (oct 2013 to june 2016) in knoah solutions:  as a quality assurance specialist for  o huawei & honor usa tech support o evaluated voice, chat and email transactions o analyzed customer satisfaction and first contact resolution opportunities o coached associates for better customer service o provided suggestions to client for change of process and policy o choice hotels (sales process) o evaluations and analysis of voice and chat transactions  ~ one year of experience as an e-support officer (sept 2012 to oct 2013) in knoah solutions:   as a tech support for samsung telecommunications america o assisted customers on troubleshooting of samsung android phones o assisted fellow associates on product and process knowledge o acquired excellent customer satisfaction and issue resolution skills   hands-on experience in tools like knoahsark (internal tool for evaluating transactions, monitoring voice transactions and coaching associates), live person, live chat and webqa  excellent working knowledge of ms tools like excel, word, powerpoint   possess capability of managing & retaining of resources, under the management limits and instructions  delivered quality controls and enhancements to proactively address problems and improved customer satisfaction and bottom-line results  regular business reviews (weekly, monthly and yearly) with the higher management and client  an eye to improve and innovate - proven ability to bring about changes that increase efficiency (have optimized and standardized various processes in voice tech support, thereby improving efficiencies) by feedback and coaching from observations   certifications:  o total assurance certification  a course about quality and its implementation.  currently, working in ship building center, visakhapatnam (sbc) in the planning department as an engineer and a coordinator.", "job title": "quality assurance specialist", "job-duration": "september 2012 to june 2016"}, "location": "visakhapatnam, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "kaushik college of engineering, jntu visakhapatnam, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "may 2007 to june 2011", "qualification": "b-tech in computer science"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "133", "skills": "ccna and ccie r&s (3 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "hcl comnet ltd noida - noida, uttar pradesh && netmax technologies pvt. ltd - chandigarh, chandigarh", "job-description": "project name: indian bank, indusind bank and corporation bank technology: routing & switching, cisco asr 1000 routers, nexus (2k, 5k, 7k, 9k), 7200 and 3550, 3560 and 3700 role: project implementation and technical support  key activities:  support all data center (dc) and disaster recovery center (dr) issue and implementations.  support and implement the r&s os as well as configuration of network.  taking care of all issues related to os, configuration, hardware etc.  configure hsrp between both isp router for gateway redundancy.  configure routing protocol on ce site.  project name: acme msc setup technology: routing & switching, cisco isr 2900, 7200 and 3550, 3560 and 3700 role: project implementation  key activities:  support and implement the r&s os as well as configuration of network.  taking care of all issues related to os, configuration, hardware etc.  configure hsrp between both isp router for gateway redundancy.  configure bgp, mp-bgp, mpls.  ping test software is used.  strength   good inter-personal skills.  management and supervisory skills.  good team player. ability to work in team and handle the team  good analytical ability. && providing network support to netmax technologies pvt. ltd, chandigarh.   working on the projects with the company.   technical support to associated companies and projects.   working with enterprise customers for troubleshooting solutions and new green field deployments.", "job title": "network specialist (noc) && network support engineer", "job-duration": "march 2016 to present && september 2013 to november 2015"}, "location": "new delhi, delhi", "education": {"institute": "ptu jalandhar, punjab && royalkhand university", "school-duration": "2009 to 2011 && 2006 to 2009", "qualification": "msc. && b.a"}, "resume-summary": "to be a highly-efficient it professional by putting into use the best of technical expertise and to emerge as a valuable asset to the organization i work with.  hcl comnet ltd noida (march 28th 2016 to till date) network specialist (noc)  hcl technologies ltd is an eminent indian it company providing infrastructure management services to popular clients across the world.  * maintaining & troubleshooting the network infrastructure remotely for different enterprise customers across india. * responsible for the operational administration, creation and implementation of configuration changes. * coordination and follow up with multiple isp (bsnl, airtel, tikona, vodafone, sify, tata) for configuration issues. * working in close coordination with tools team for getting network devices monitored and back up. * providing technical support to customers and assistance in deployment of their network. * coordinating with hcl site team for replacement of router, ios up-gradation, flash issue etc. * handling change management, incident management  netmax technologies pvt. ltd chandigarh (sep 2013 to 5th nov 2015) network support engineer   providing network support to netmax technologies pvt. ltd, chandigarh.  working on the projects with the company.  technical support to associated companies and projects.  working with enterprise customers for troubleshooting solutions and new green field deployments.  areas of technical experience   routing: static routing, bgp, ospf, eigrp, rip.  advance routing:- bgp pic, loop free alternates (lfa)  wan: frame relay, ppp, hdlc, dmvpn  security: ios based firewall, access control lists, layer 3 security and layer 2 security  network management: wireshark, ftp, tftp  switching: vlan, vtp, dtp, ether channels, hsrp, vrrp, glbp, l3 switching stp, mstp, private vlans, otv, vdcs.  mpls: mpls l3 vpns, mpls-te.  ipv6: designing and deploying ipv6 for sp based networks.  tunneling: gre tunneling, iptoipv6 tunnels ip to ip tunneling, isadap tunnels  troubleshooting:- good with instant troubleshooting on feature level."}, {"candidateid": "134", "skills": "oracle 10g/9i/8i/8.0, ibm db2, ms access 2003/2007, sql server 2000/2005/2008, teradata v2r5, microstrategy 10.3/9.4.1/9.3/9.2.1/.0.2/9.0.1/8.5/7.5.2/7.2.3 (microstrategy desktop, intelligence server, distribution services, architect, report services, narrowcast server, distribution services, olap services, enterprise manager, integrity manager and object manager)., sql, pl/sql, transact sql, sql*plus 3.3/8.0, visual basic 6.0/5.0, asp, c, c++, star schema, snow flake schema, : microstrategy desktop, microstrategy 10.3 (architect, agent, object manager, web, administrator, enterprise manager, narrowcast), intelligence server, web., microstrategy desktop, microstrategy 9.3.1, microstrategy 9.2 (architect, agent, object manager, web, administrator, enterprise manager, narrowcast), intelligence server, web, administration windows nt", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills rdbms oracle [] ibm db2, ms access [] sql server [] teradata v2r5 olap tools microstrategy [] (microstrategy desktop, intelligence server, distribution services, architect, report services, narrowcast server, distribution services, olap services, enterprise manager, integrity manager and object manager)  programming sql, pl/sql, transact sql, sql*plus 3.3/8.0, visual basic 6.0/5.0, asp, c, c++ methodologies star schema, snow flake schema", "work-experience": {"company": "staples development center - seattle, wa && corvel corporation - portland, or && merck research labs - north wales, pa && churchill downs inc - louisville, ky && churchill downs inc - new york, ny", "job-description": "staples, inc. is an american multinational office supply retailing corporation, with over 3, 000 stores worldwide in 26 countries. headquartered in framingham, massachusetts, the company has retail stores serving customers under its original name in australia, austria, brazil, china, france, germany, india, italy, norway, portugal, the united kingdom, and the united states. staples sell supplies which include staples, office machines, promotional products, technology, and business services both in stores and online. staples are currently working on the kate spade new york project, an american fashion designing house. responsibilities:  analyze the client specified design requirement and gathering the required attributes and metrics from the architect team.  creation of the derived metrics which are necessary for the specified dashboard design with the available metrics.  creating the dashboard home and ecommerce page with the gathered data according to the client's requirements.  executing and testing the created dashboards and attending to the changes needed to meet the client's requirement.  designed the dashboard skeletons and the formatting changes required for the dashboard.  designed dashboards using the new selector's radio buttons, check boxes, panels, slider and button bar etc  created several layers of panel stacks according to yearly data and also for data pertaining to different metrics.  suggested alternative methods to replace the use of transformations in the dashboard to cut down the execution time.  created the performance metrics and indicators which help in visualizing the growth or drop in the revenue & number of units sold for the consecutive years.  created & customized the dashboard grids and graphs according to the client's requirement with different data rows and columns for the grids & graphs.  created the corresponding bar and line graphs required for the dashboard.  updated the schema with the latest data warehouse tables consisting the facts required to create the corresponding metrics for the dashboard.  created the customized reports with the attributes and metrics required in the dashboard design.  helping the team members in the resolving the errors in the main dashboard.  updated the created dashboard with the changes required according to the clients requirement.  used several widgets for dashboard reporting.  created drill down dashboards which will allow users to navigate from one dashboard to another.  extensive use of dynamic dashboard and microstrategy web (view, interactive, editable and flash mode), subscription feature to improve the performance and mobility. environment: microstrategy desktop, microstrategy 10.3 (architect, agent, object manager, web, administrator, enterprise manager, narrowcast), intelligence server, web. && corvel corporation is a provider of healthcare management services and solutions for workers' compensation, auto & liability, group health and disability insurance markets. the company's target markets include: employers, insurance companies, third party administrators, and state and municipal governments. corvel offers claims management, case management, medical bill review and disability management programs. responsibilities:  analyze requirements and develop derived metrics, custom report objects as required  developed microstrategy reports and related objects  responsible for testing of developed reports and report objects  interface with business users for requirement definition, user acceptance testing, training and deployment  maintain standardized microstrategy design, development, testing and deployment task documentation  troubleshoot microstrategy application issues internally and with vendor  design, build and maintain logical model for microstrategy reporting application  design, build and maintain all microstrategy schema objects (attributes, facts, hierarchies)  understand the type of schemas that best support microstrategy in different scenarios  perform code reviews and unit testing  support user, system, performance and regression testing efforts  created number of normalized database tables with different constraints to maintain integrity. triggers were implemented on the tables to maintain validity check on the data.  worked on different aggregate functions and scalar functions.  actively participated in developing entity-relationship (er) diagrams, and data dictionaries, by gathering information from the business users and detailed analysis of the data.  designed the user interface and menus using triggers, and procedures.  took part in designing and implementing multiple forms for each module.  incorporated user-friendly functionalities like pop-ups, list boxes and other object oriented events into the system  designed, developed and maintained logical and physical enterprise data warehouse schemas using erwin.  created attributes, facts, advanced qualification filters, custom groups, prompts, hierarchies, compound metrics, filters, object prompts, custom expression filters and used pass-through functions (apply simple and apply comp) in attributes and filters definitions  used several widgets for dashboard reporting.  extensively used report services to create dynamic dashboards using panel stacks, selectors, widgets in flash mode.  created up to seven layer dynamic dashboard by using panel stacks and selectors which will provide information for all levels of hierarchy.  created drill down dashboards which will allow users to navigate from one dashboard to another.  extensive use of dynamic dashboard and scorecard to predict the trend in market and very interactive presentation and use of data. microstrategy web (view, interactive, editable and flash mode), subscription feature to improve the performance and mobility of the group.  used advanced prompts, conditional, transformation metrics and level metrics for creating complex reports.  created enterprise manager reports for various analyses.  object prompts according to the business needs. environment: microstrategy desktop, microstrategy 9.3.1, microstrategy 9.2 (architect, agent, object manager, web, administrator, enterprise manager, narrowcast), intelligence server, web, administration windows nt && merck is committed to bringing out the best in medicine and scientific research. as part of that effort, merck provides all of the merck manuals as a service to the community. merck research laboratories discovers and develops medicines for cancer and neurodegenerative disorders. the company was founded in 2004 and is based in boston, massachusetts. merck research laboratories operates as a subsidiary of merck & co. inc. responsibilities:  responsible for understanding the business requirements from the users and analyzing the report specification documents.  worked on converting teradata reports in sql to microstrategy reports and documents.  analyzed logical data models, understand data warehouse tables and columns, map the columns to the microstrategy project by creating public objects.  identified the source tables and columns required to create the microstrategy project, thereby achieving a logical mapping of the physical data warehouse in the microstrategy metadata repository.  designed microstrategy schema objects and application objects using microstrategy desktop and maintained data dictionary for the project.  worked extensively in creating complex reports using simple metrics, compound metrics, relationship filters.  worked on creation of views in teradata for the creation of microstrategy objects.  created dashboards through report services document through microstrategy desktop.  worked in market basket analysis with relationship filters.  created design and technical specification documents for realizing microstrategy objects to be integrated in the report.  demonstrated the dashboard reports and documents to the users.  created the data flow diagram and documentation for the etl process.  created the requirements documentation for the microstrategy projects and also documented the microstrategy environment.  designed the microstrategy architectural documents for the projects.  created reports using complex filters and compound metrics and prompts.  used advanced prompts, conditional, transformation metrics and level metrics for creating complex reports.  designed the microstrategy architectural documents for the projects.  created reports using complex filters and compound metrics and prompts.  created the report specification document and had it signed of, after suggesting some useful alterations.  analyzed the source system data.  involved in creating users in microstrategy desktop for testing the reports on web.  worked along with microstrategy knowledge base to troubleshoot any report related issues.  created attributes, facts for different microstrategy projects. environment: microstrategy desktop 9.2.1, microstrategy intelligence server 9.2.1, microstrategy web, report services, teradata v2r5, windows 7. && churchill downs incorporated is the parent company of churchill downs. the company has evolved from one racetrack in louisville, kentucky, to a multi-state, publicly traded company with racetracks, casinos and the united states' leading online wagering company among its growing portfolio of successful businesses. responsibilities:  gathered and analyzed business requirements for replenishments requirements and design documentation  prepared design documentation and spec documentation for off shore team also worked on phase-2 scope documentation.  identified base tables/columns in the system that needs to be added to the existing data model to meet the requirements.  used microstrategy developer 9.4.1 to build schema objects, hierarchies, transformations, attributes, facts and relationships.  worked on microstrategy logical view and alias tables to accommodate projected and actual data on the same report  worked on sql to test the scope of view based logic to deliver metric calculation as per business requirement before physical view is created.  worked with clients for uat testing and resolving report template and data mismatch issues.  prepared order management extension phase 2 design document  worked with data modeling and etl team to incorporate new tables into the existing phase 1 model  coordinated with off shore team for public object development, created schema objects and public objects that can be used with the existing ome reporting system.  developed transformation metrics as per the business requirements.  extensively created filters, prompts, consolidations and custom groups to generate canned reports, ad hoc reports, documents and dashboards  involved in production support for all the adhoc reporting for ome.  extensively worked with tools like aqt, aginity and teradata.  resolved attribute role problems in data models by developing table aliases and attribute role recognition methods in vldb settings.  have a very good knowledge of all the features of microstrategy 9.4.1 -microstrategy visualization, microstrategy dash boarding, microstrategy reporting  created executive dashboard that covers different subject areas for tsv, inventory and sales analysis on mobile platform.  involved in creating panel stacks, window panels and widgets for different mobile display.  knowledge about multimedia and rss widgets.  created reports for projected ship planning and online sales analysis,  applied olap and statistical functions for analyzing the differences in the revenue generated by a particular segment of customers.  validated reports by conducting unit testing (ut) and system report testing (srt)  involved in providing high-level estimates for least cost shipping and timelines.  worked on existing hyperion reports to estimate microstrategy effort.  worked closely with data modeling and etl teams to develop the data model.  participated with senior management in organizing timeline for new projects and preparing project status documentation for stakeholder meetings. environment: microstrategy 9.4.1, 9.3.1 and microstrategy intelligence server, mstr desktop, mstr web, mstr mobile, sql server, microsoft excel, sql tools, windows, visual crossing mapping && associated press is one of the largest and most trusted sources of independent newsgathering, supplying a steady stream of news to its members, international subscribers and commercial customers. it is neither privately owned nor government-funded; instead, as a not-for-profit news cooperative owned by its american newspaper and broadcast members, it can maintain its single-minded focus on newsgathering and its commitment to the highest standards of objective, accurate journalism. responsibilities:  involved in meetings with business users to discuss and finalize the requirements and design of the reports.  designed dashboards using the new selector's radio buttons, check boxes, panels, slider and button bar etc. summarizing key business indicators by presenting them in visually intuitive, easy-to-read, interactive documents.  performed routine administrator tasks during absence of microstrategy administrator.  created users, roles & privileges using the microstrategy desktop (administrator)  created various monthly dynamic dashboard documents for field marketing people with multiple panel stacks and selectors.  created intelligent cubes and shared to reduce the database load and decreasing the report execution time by using the cube services.  developed auto prompt filters that gave user a choice of different filtering criteria each time they run the reports.  performed testing of all reports for the final deployment.  provided business user training for the microstrategy desktop/web.  architected schema objects such as microstrategy attributes, facts, transformations and hierarchies.  created above store reports to support field coaches and general managers. the reports were highly visual and drillable. aggregate tables were designed to efficiently run reports  worked in on-off shore model to fulfill business requirement and assigning work to off shore  build reports that were distributed to 100's of users as email  performance optimization using vldb properties, created i-cubes to improve performance and to reduce the load on database during peak hours.  built numerous dashboards to meet operational and financial reporting that enabled senior executive to easily visualize overall business  created ad-hoc reports and freeform sql reports depending on user requirement. environment: microstrategy v9.2.1, microstrategy 9.0.1 (architect, desktop, report services, dashboards, enterprise manager) teradata 12.0, windows xp.", "job title": "business intelligence specialist && senior microstrategy reports developer && senior microstrategy developer && developer && developer", "job-duration": "october 2016 to present && january 2015 to september 2016 && august 2013 to december 2014 && january 2013 to july 2013 && october 2011 to december 2012"}, "location": "seattle, wa", "education": {"institute": "none", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": " bachelor of technology"}, "resume-summary": " over 8 years of experience in implementing business intelligence, expertise in data warehousing, data architecture, data modeling, using microstrategy.  comprehensive working knowledge with microstrategy desktop, microstrategy architect, microstrategy web, microstrategy narrowcast server and olap services environment.  possesses extensive experience in the microstrategy product suite (microstrategy intelligence server, microstrategy desktop, architect, report services and microstrategy web)  extensive work on creating and modified microstrategy schema objects (such as attributes, facts, hierarchies, transformations etc.), application objects (such as reports, documents, metrics, filters, prompts, templates, consolidations, custom groups etc.) and configuration objects (such as project, users, user groups, security filter etc.) using micro strategy desktop.  good experience in creating customized dashboards according to the specified design.  very good understanding the concepts of data warehousing, data marts, er modeling, dimensional modeling, fact & dimensional tables. good knowledge of star and snowflake schemas.  experience in setting up vldb properties at different levels to customize sql generation by microstrategy.  good knowledge and experience in all aspects of software development life cycle (sdlc)  good knowledge and experience in software analysis, design, development and production support of business intelligence application using microstrategy.  well versed in installation, configuration and project creation and tuning of microstrategy business intelligence.  extensively worked on delivering reports and business intelligence solutions on the web using microstrategy narrowcast server& distribution servers.  make end users understand the functionality of microstrategy tool.  have extensively worked with end users while resolving issues with microstrategy.  worked on clustering microstrategy intelligence servers and memory utilization.  used microstrategy object manager to migrate the objects/projects between development and production servers.  very good understanding of data warehouse architecture and designing.  good understanding of intelligent cubes and visual insights, and good knowledge in analysis, design and construction of the metadata.  experience in microstrategy tool suite (microstrategy intelligence server, microstrategy administrator, microstrategy architect, microstrategy desktop, microstrategy olap provider, microstrategy web and microstrategy narrowcast server)  experience in designing data marts using different multi dimensional modeling techniques such as star schema and snowflake schema, fact and dimensional tables, logical and physical data modeling.  system optimization, performance monitoring and tuning experience in multiple bi applications.  strong troubleshooting capabilities in microstrategy desktop.  used microstrategy report services, distribution services and narrowcast services to create reports and scheduling reports via e-mail, via shared network drive.  excellent communication skills, analytical, problem solving skills and self-motivated team player to work individually as well as in a team with agile environment."}, {"candidateid": "112", "skills": "personal qualities - ready to take initiative and responsibility of work related to self as well as team. analytical bent of mind with a desire for in-depth knowledge. excellent communication skills for building effective client relationships. self-motivated & ability to motivate others.", "additional-info": "additional informationcomputer knowledge : operational knowledge of ms office (word, excel, making of ppt in (power point) and outlook ( expert in configuring email in client mail like outlook, mac mail, windows live mail etc), tally-7.2 and desktop publishing and internet.  educational qualifications : graduation in commerce from smt. c.h.m. college of arts, science, commerce and management (mumbai university).  hsc from jai hind junior college.  ssc from jai hind high school & junior college.   personal details:   name : shashi punjabi.  date of birth : 06th february 1989.   nationality : indian.  marital status : married.   strength : self motivated and ability to learn on own initiative.  hobbies : exercise.  language known : english, hindi & marathi.", "work-experience": {"company": "shivaami cloud services pvt ltd - mumbai, maharashtra && tata teleservice limited - mumbai, maharashtra && sutherland global services - mumbai, maharashtra && intelenet global pvt. ltd sep 2010- june 2011 - mumbai, maharashtra", "job-description": "working as a technical support engineer for customer success services (css) april 2016-till date  google certified for csm (customer success manager) and deployment specialist.  major responsibilities:   analyzing and preparing security assessment and adoption report of g suite (google apps) services. conducting security meeting and providing security training if its required. providing admin and user level training of g suite services on client's location or through google hangout (online). providing technical support for g suite service and how to install applications. scheduling an appointment for an installation of google devices i.e. chrome box for meeting and chrome bit. taking demo's of g suite services for new customers. providing demo and training of the other cloud products which integrates with g suite service for backup (spanning) and archiving solution (google vault). preparing documents of all the g suite products and maintaining records of all the meetings and training. researching on new apps/updates of g suite services and how to implement on it. && company profile: tata teleservices limited spearheads the tata groups presence in the telecom sector. the group's objective is to provide end-to-end telecommunications solutions for business and residential customers across the nation and internationally.  major responsibilities:  providing technical support at l1 level for vas, application & mailing service. maintaining the daily, weekly and monthly mis report with the performance presentation and workflow. this report is shared with the top level of management which is required for further improvement, process change and implementations in business strategy and structure. handling escalations for domain name, web hosting, anti-virus (pcs), olb (online backup), mailing solution (outlook configuration, thunder bird, windows live etc).  handling technical complaints taking end to end follow up with backend team, region team & vendor for resolution of customer issue with the sla.  handling mails which we are receiving from different work groups to resolve the technical difficulties faced by clients while using the value added services. working on diims tool, where we are receiving the orders for google apps services from our sales region team. our role is to verify all the details and provide the approval to process the orders for provisioning the services. maintaining data of vsnl ids which was suspended for spamming and co-ordinate with region team to reactivate it. also maintaining the data of activated vsnl id which was suspended for spamming.. maintaining the data of wrong sr created by cc team in content & messaging bucket and put sr in to the wrong tracker in order to meet proper sla of team. && company profile: sutherland global services is a global provider of business process and technology management services offering an integrated portfolio of analytics-driven back-office and customer facing solutions that support the entire customer lifecycle.  major responsibilities:   my profile was to troubleshoot and provide customer service to the members of the giant at&t via chat cum outbound call process. at&t is the leader in telecom, internet services and digital tv services. we do live chat with the members and provide them proper solution and assistance to any of their concerns. troubleshooting on the customer's services like tv, internet and phone. resolve the customers queries on the first call (ftr). we have to maintain net sat (customers satisfaction survey), aht (average handling time), crr (customer repeat rate). responsible for handling the whole chat in a perfect manner and get customers satisfaction. also conducts training for the new associates about the process and monitoring the chats of the new associates as well as providing feedback. && company profile: it is a third-party business process outsourcing (bpo) & contact center provider headquartered in mumbai. intelenet's management team has been with the organization since inception.  major responsibilities:  to comprehend and indicate the consumers dispute through mail and online investigation for equifax credit information services. promoted to maintenance department after maintaining the excellent quality as well as productivity scores in regular department.  responsible for maintaining very good coordination with consumers by resolving their disputes preparation of budget. to update consumers identification information and to delete or suppress the inaccurate information as per the federal trade commissions guidelines. to send the account related disputes to their respective creditors for further investigation. responsible for sending annual free and paid credit files to consumers, guardian or authorized person. to meet the slas as per client requirement.", "job title": "technical support engineer && worked as senior technical support for sme applications and support (cso) && worked as senior technical support && worked as customer service associate (back office executive)", "job-duration": "april 2016 to present && october 2013 to april 2016 && january 2013 to september 2014 && september 2010 to june 2011"}, "location": "ahmedabad, gujarat", "education": {"institute": "jai hind school ulhasnagar, maharashtra", "school-duration": "june 2009 to may 2010", "qualification": "bcom in commerce"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "135", "skills": "corel draw x5 (6 years), adobe photoshop cs6 (6 years), adobe illustrator cs6 (5 years), adobe in-design cs6 (5 years), ms office, excel & power point (6 years), macromedia flash cs6 (1 year), 3ds max 2012 (1 year), mysql & access (1 year), html, java script, adobe dreamweaver cs6, php, css, asp.net (less than 1 year), tally (1 year), gis (geographic information system) (1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical qualification:  industrial training institute (i.t.i.) under govt. of m.p., state board examination, jabalpur (m.p.) trade-diesel mechanic (2003) from police industrial training institute, bhopal  typing english typing under govt. of m.p., school education department, board of shorthand & typewriting education in 2002.  skills  strong information management skills.  experience in developing training materials and curriculum for workshops, as well as basic knowledge of web designing and windows.  ability to explain complex concepts and methods clearly.  good knowledge of industry standard layout also illustration and web publishing applications.  proven hr/project management skills.  culturally adaptive.  able to do basic pc troubleshooting.  application and software skills - graphics desgning  corel draw graphics suits x5   adobe photoshop cs6   adobe illustrator cs6   adobe in-design cs6   adobe acrobat   quark xpress   pagemaker   ms office, excel & power point  web / animation graphics  macromedia flash   3ds max 2014  web desgning  html, java script, adobe dreamweaver cs6, php, css, asp.net  database: mysql & access  accounting: tally  other: gis (geographic information system)  strength: strong command on corel draw x5, adobe photoshop cs6, illustrator cs6 and indesign cs6 also know ms office package & use of internet.", "work-experience": {"company": "mp council of science - bhopal, madhya pradesh && shreeram advertising & marketing - bhopal, madhya pradesh", "job-description": "bhopal under ongoing project with center for policy studies (cps), new delhi, india www.cpsindia.org march 2008 - continue (objective: the main objective of the programme is to prepare resource atlas of madhya pradesh at state, district and regional levels. the atlas will support the planning activity of different departments of the government for developmental programmes and other agencies as well as students and teachers to know the state, the district or region as a whole.  the state resource atlas emphasizes incorporation/presentation of district wise data on various physical, natural, socio-economic and infrastructure resources viz. historical background, culture and tradition, soil, water resources, forest, agriculture, human resource, power, health, transport and industry. using the gis capability these data are represented in the form of maps, tables and charts. all the maps, tables and charts are interpreted and analyzed in text form highlighting the rich endowment of resources in the state) responsibility:  designed and maintained internet web networks using flash, adobe illustrator, corel-x5, photoshop cs6, indesign cs6, illustrator cs6, quark xpress 7.0, gis technique and graphical tools.  responsible for trouble shooting, staff training, design of various publications for the communications department and procurement of new hardware. && objective: shreeram advertising and marketing agency is 10 years old, steadily growing advertising agency. with rich experience in media related services and an ever expanding list of satisfied and demanding clients. they transformed into a complete service advertising agency.)  achievement:  indoor, outdoor innovation, newspaper innovation make ooh, pop, pos & news paper advertisement design, creative design for atl and btl communication, also make creative for external, e-mailer for internal communication.  in charge of designing house (newspaper advertisement, banner, website, posters, brochures, business cards, letterheads, fax headers, funder database, etc.) and electronic media.  create visual concepts, by hand or using computer software as coral draw x5, photoshop cs6, indesing cs6, illustrator cs6 and other graphical software to communicate ideas that inspire, inform, or captivate consumers. i had developed overall layout and production design for advertisements, brochures, magazines, and corporate reports.  url achievements for logo design  http://www.newsfireonline.com/  http://www.utpreraktimes.com/  http://www.prajapatiaawaz.com/  workshop achivements  participated in state level workshop on madhya pradesh resource atlas programme held on 29th september 2011 at m.p. council of science and technology, bhopal   participated in 21st national children's science congress (ncsc 2013) on the focal theme-energy: explore, harness and conserve, held at m.p. council of science and technology, bhopal on 27-31 december, 2013", "job title": "graphic design specialist && sr. graphics designer", "job-duration": "march 2008 to march 2008 && may 2005 to february 2008"}, "location": "bhopal, madhya pradesh", "education": {"institute": "under barkatullah university bhopal, madhya pradesh && board of secondary education bhopal, madhya pradesh && higher school bhopal, madhya pradesh", "school-duration": "2002 && 1996 && 1994", "qualification": "b.com && education && none"}, "resume-summary": "result-oriented, high energy, hands on professional, responsible, hard worker, fast learner, lots of creativity, innovation, dedication, passion to illustrate, create and design."}, {"candidateid": "136", "skills": "checkpoint (5 years), cisco asa (4 years), palo alto (2 years), bluecoat (2 years), big -f5 (2 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationcore competencies   to provide world class support to an enterprise level client base responsible for incident resolution, processing of change requests, and contributions to problem management for customer network and security infrastructure cases.   administering and managing provider-1, checkpoint ngx r65/r75, juniper cisco routers, switches, nexus -5k, 7k, firewalls - asa asdm, palo alto -pan), f5 big-ip, ltm, bluecoat proxy sg, isa proxies, ids/ips   knowledge in information-security departments: risk assessment, vulnerability, penetration testing, and security engineering services.  strong, in-depth knowledge of network security (threats, attack vectors, management, containment, segmentation, profiling)  a detailed understanding that includes: tcp/ip routing protocols, nat, bgp4, ospf, dns, firewall policies, load balancing, proxy and cache servers, vpn technologies, layer 4-7 switching qos, ip telephony, wifi, network management and monitoring software  conducting periodic assessment and evaluation of the documented controls as per the testing calendar and compliance with policies and regulations.  working knowledge of a wide range of information security controls and technologies e.g. firewalls, vpn, pki, encryption, intrusion detection systems, vulnerability & risk management tools and methods, penetration testing, malware identification, e-mail security, group policies, two-factor authentication, common windows (desktop & server) os, unix/linux platforms   knowledge on information security concepts (confidentiality, integrity, and availability) and technologies (3des, aes, pki, sha, ssl, ssh, ipsec, etc) around secure transmission and storage of data over public networks.  technologies: security assessments, cryptography, social engineering security awareness training  operating systems: multiple version of windows /linux tools: bmc remedy, visio, ethereal, ibm-tivoli, hpov- nnm pac/pelm, perl, nmap, nessus, openvas, kali linux, wmap, dvwa, owasp, backtrack, metasploit framework, oracle vm virutal box, tuffin, ettercap, forensics, qualysguard scripting: pearl, html, java  personal dossier  name: jameel.h  passport validity: 28-aug 2022  martial status: married present address: #17, 8th main, btm layout 1st stage bangalore 560029", "work-experience": {"company": "at&t - my && at&t thru encora technologies && tata consultancy services - bangalore, karnataka && acs - franchise of wipro && abhinand computer services, franchise of wipro && acs - franchise of wipro", "job-description": "malaysia   working for shell as a firewall secure access team - enterprise security specialist industrious individual who thrives on a challenge, working effectively with all levels of management experience in supporting and troubleshooting cisco, cisco nexus series 7000 3000  checkpoint (gaia, r75, r70, r65, provider-splat, smart center server, and crossbeams) juniper (junos, srx 650 1400) palo alto, pa 5000 3000 series, bluecoat proxy sg, ids/ips and cisco asa firewalls, f5 big-ip, ltm.   provide high level technical support, including identifying and resolving problems on cisco supported products. this included external routing and internal/intranet routing for dmz   firewall policy, rule bases and applying access according to corporate standards (risk assessment form) managing content filtering: bluecoat, iron port unified thread management (utm)   scanning ports and seeking vulnerabilities uses port scanning tools like qualysguard nmap, nessus wireshark to scan one's own systems and find open ports. the vulnerabilities with each of the ports can be studied and remedial measures can be taken   ability to work with operations and engineering on the priority of issues in order to resolve the most urgent customer impacting issues first and customer service experience - preferably in an global operations center environment   work on change & incident on need/rotation basis and ensure cases are picked in priority & rank order.   worked primarily as a part of the security team and daily tasks included firewall rule analysis, rule modification and administration. checkpoint smart view tracking systems for troubleshooting and security rule maintenances and implementations, etc monitor and interpret events and alerts from security monitoring equipment such as intrusion detection/prevention systems (ids/ips), firewall logs, web proxies, email malware gateways, full packet capture devices.  ensure 100% compliance to isms/iso27001/dot/trai related data, documentation, records and audits. && it analyst - tata consultancy services sep 2007 - feb 2013 bangalore  roles and responsibilities  configuring of network components which involves cisco routers, switches, cisco nexus series 7000, 3000 firewall checkpoint, juniper srx, netscreen, vpn concentrators, isa proxy.  preparing & pushing access control policies in the firewalls (juniper netscreen, srx, checkpoint.  provide high level technical support, including identifying and resolving problems on cisco supported products. this included external routing and internal/intranet routing for dmz  creating policies, filters and applying access according to corporate standards in websense proxy's and involving in all proxy related troubleshooting.  configuring rule base in checkpoint firewall, juniper net screen and configuring acl's in routers, switches based on the needs.  provide network intrusion detection system (ids) and intrusion prevention system (ips) management  working configuration of new vlans and extension of existing vlans on/to the necessary equipment to have connectivity between two different data centers.  tracking of logs and taking appropriate action in case of incidents.  planning and implementing strategies for delivering sla as committed to client.  handling daily operations to ensure that the services and the infrastructure are up & running and as a whole provides a high degree of reliability and availably.  monitoring bandwidth utilization specific to projects and highlight the bursting level.  all the tickets are handled based on the remedy ticketing tool for tracking and logging of events/actions. && roles and responsibilites  member of img projects team which deals with planning, evaluating, designing, implementing, optimizing & documenting of all the network infrastructure, lan/wan, integration projects across wipro technologies.  managed the network is based on a hierarchical topology (core, distribution, access) consisting of cisco series switches (45xx, 65xx)  setting up layer 2 path in terms of trunking [using fiber].  setting up layer 3 path in terms of configuring layer 3 switch [routing, acl configuration, interface vlan, hsrp, fwsm].  making redundancy between switches in terms of providing dual path between core distribution access layer switches.  creation of vlan, vtp, in cisco series switches.  setting up and managing local and wide area networks to maintain maximum network uptime.  managing network infrastructure planning and design, structured cabling utp, fiber optics.  installing wireless access points  developed a standard network configuration template to be implemented globally.  setting up new project setup based on the project design and requirement.  educational background & training -awards  b.sc information technology 2003  diploma in development of information system management [aptech] 2004  itil (training completed through tcs)  attended iso 27001[isms] audit during stay at tcs  best performer award (dr) from wipro technologies.  client appreciations & recognition award at at&t  tools & terminologies && none && none && none", "job title": "enterprise security specialist && enterprise security specialist && it analyst && network & system administrator && system administrator && desktop support engineer", "job-duration": "april 2013 to present && april 2013 to april 2016 && september 2007 to february 2013 && august 2006 to september 2007 && december 2004 to september 2007 && december 2004 to august 2006"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "ssm college of eng komaraplayam, erode tamil nadu erode, tamil nadu", "school-duration": "june 2000 to june 2003", "qualification": "b.sc information technology in information technology"}, "resume-summary": "result oriented professional with 11.5 years of rich and cross-cultural experience in information network & security to develop and deploy security policies and procedures to protect the it infrastructure of an organization. proven record of evaluating system vulnerability in order to recommend security improvements as well as improve efficiency while aligning business processes with network design and infrastructure."}, {"candidateid": "137", "skills": "mandarin (4 years), microsoft office (5 years), account management (2 years), relationship management (2 years), photoshop (2 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "adobe systems - noida && samsung india electronics pvt. ltd && amazon.com && swiss school of language", "job-description": "key responsibility area duration: 26 months  responsible for managing account related activities, risk, and usage to support customer retention and promote growth for apac-anz, gr china (china & hong kong), singapore, korea & india.   manage risk outlook, measurement, provide feedbacks & actions * develop a risk outlook & pipeline -attrition outlook for apac region * provide risk assignment for all apac accounts. * monitor retention risk, identify new kpi's * conduct retrospective analysis on lost customers and drive organizational change based on the findings * publish qualitative results in quarterly qbr for regional and bu meetings (apac) * deepen partnership & commitment with digital marketing & digital media pmbu leaders in apac on improvements identified.   proactively monitoring & identifying risk on accounts   mitigate risk * implement standardized relevant risk reason codes across adobe global services. * detailed action plan, and steps to mitigate attrition and drive successful renewal. * develop playbooks with best practices for mitigating risks and ensuring customer success * help regional account managers to proactively identify customer risk and develop risk mitigation plans * providing 360 analysis for all apac customers on account health basis usage and product utilization. * conducting weekly meetings for sales & marketing teams to showcase customer's overall health and utilization. * creating all-in-one dashboard with a view of visitors, traffic on site, referrers, devices being used to access the site, demographics (location and language), feature level analysis and searches to see who's driving traffic to the site in real-time. * competitive analysis for china & roapac accounts to identify competitive threat and highlight cross-sell opportunities * analysing data & business trends and acting as a partner for regional customer success managers by providing insights and recommendations to recognize upsell opportunities. * cross channel analysis: understanding customer experience across all touch point. * customer usage review and annual renewal, align with the fulfilment partners on customer strategies   customer value newsletters creating snapshots of relationship summary of customers with adobe showcasing their periodic usage vs commitment, updates on consulting, trainings, events, webinars, product roadmap & future releases maintained a self-hosted project for a 38-member team by doing a brand check and providing insights for process improvement  achievements & accolades: - implementation of dashboards across apac - moved from account retention specialist (china) to account retention specialist apac (anz, china, hong kong, korea, sea, india). && key responsibility area duration: 15 months  responsible for vendor and quality management and acting as a language support (mandarin) across all functions in a manufacturing field.   maintaining correspondence across all subsidiaries and headquarters for efficient communication for solving problems and finding solutions.  working with other departments for gathering information relating to design, specification, stock and planning of production.  responsible for analysing defects for component, process or design issues  responsible for daily, weekly & monthly reports for incoming quality control  assisting various departments in resolving issues with chinese suppliers  provide end to end solution on vendor queries to the subsidiaries as well as the suppliers by overcoming the language barrier  preparing analysis reports for monthly head quarter meetings.  leading conference calls between chinese suppliers and quality members  responsible for handling vendor visits for defect settlement  responsible for translation of reports and countermeasures from chinese to english and vice-versa.  achievements & accolades: - 100% achievement in settlement of cost claim against line loss due to quality issues of suppliers. - time management skills by meeting deadlines. && key responsibility area duration: 11 months   auditing chinese e-books for quality purpose  providing daily quality feedbacks to china subsidiary  preparation and translation of process sop's in mandarin  responsible for daily, weekly audit reports  exceptional leadership skills developed through work experience as a super auditor for a 40-member team to audit e-books  conducted process trainings for new joiners as well as chinese & taiwanese officials  responsible for handling daily huddles and meetings for business development  creative team leader for a 40-member team  responsible for organizing special events and celebrations within organization  achievements & accolades: - recognized & awarded for 'best creative team lead' from management. - recognized & awarded with appreciation award from management for \"highest productivity\" && key responsibility area duration: 13 months  training business officials and corporate personnel to understand chinese language and culture.", "job title": "account retention specialist && sr.executive-quality assurance && content associate - chinese && chinese language trainer", "job-duration": "may 2014 to present && january 2013 to march 2014 && february 2012 to december 2012 && november 2010 to january 2012"}, "location": "delhi, delhi", "education": {"institute": "senior secondary && india china alliance center && indian habitat center && iift && delhi university delhi, delhi && delhi university delhi, delhi && delhi university delhi, delhi && st. stephens college && hanyou chinese institute && frameboxx animation institute && annual college fest delhi, delhi", "school-duration": "2007 to 2008 && none && none && none && none && none && none && none && none && none && none", "qualification": "c.b.s.e. && chinese && executive mba in international business strategy && b.a in programming && advanced diploma in chinese language && diploma in chinese language && certificate in chinese language && advance chinese studies && diploma in graphic designing and web designing && cbse in master trainer for mandarin chinese && none"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "107", "skills": "microsoft active directory,exchange server,lan,wan trouble shooting,routers. (7 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationskills:   customer relationship management software  managing data-centers.  installation of leased line - internet, vpn & rf links.  installation of windows active directory (2000, 2003, 2012r2)  installation of exchange server.  linux based servers  microsoft outlook  creating in dns - ptr records  vendor management.  effective problem solver .  effective workflow management  process improvement specialist  technical skills:  operating systems: microsoft windows server [] directory services: active directory []  messaging systems: microsoft exchange []", "work-experience": {"company": "tikona infinet ltd - chennai, tamil nadu && tikona infinet ltd && tikona infinet ltd - chennai, tamil nadu", "job-description": "chennai   investigated and resolved customer inquiries and complaints in an empathetic manner  met all customer call guidelines including service levels, handle time and productivity.  solved unresolved customer service issues.  assumed ownership over team productivity and managed work flow to meet or exceed quality service goals.  strong leader of customer support staff.  facilitated inter-departmental communication to effectively provide customer support.  scheduled staff shifts to cover peaks and problems in customer inquiries.  trained staff on operating procedures and company services.  followed-through on all critical inter-departmental escalations to increase customer retention rates.  resolved associate, tool and service delivery issues revealed by statistical reports.  updated customer orders from start to finish in an accurate and timely manner.  effective liaison between customers and internal departments.  maintained accurate records of past due customer account activity.  handling pan india customers.  developed highly empathetic client relationships  maintaining and providing quarterly review of data center standards and maintenance practices  managing datacenter and manned & unmanned pop's within tamil nadu & kerala  operating and monitoring the data center's critical facilities and functions in order to meet or exceed service level.  hardware management of the material lying at pop's (t.n & kerala) which are under my surveillance  providing daily & monthly reports for higher level management on all instances that occurred on all shifts.  coordinating for new projects with concerned teams. && 2005. && tikona infinet ltd (formerly known as hcl infinet ltd), chennai   monitoring & troubleshooting of customer's lan & wan links with incident logging system to meet their sla (99.5%)  handling network related issues in pop setup and customer collocated equipments.  coordinating with different teams for the termination of wan links of customer & backbones  coordinating & troubleshooting with noc team for solving the problems of the lan & wan links of customers  coordinating & troubleshooting with service providers for solving the issues of customers & backbones links  isdn & pstn: trace the problem by analyzing the status of network devices like nt/ta or router  slow browsing issue: analyze the cause for the issue with extended ping & trace routes from  customer router & route-servers for any backbone routing issues.  slow connectivity & packet drops: analyze the issue by customer interface traffic. if traffic is not  exceeding more than the limited bandwidth will follow further steps by analyzing through extend  ping & trace route. resolve the issue by coordinating with noctech.  trace the customer routing issues & get it resolve with the help of noctech & etc  coordinating with different pop for client technical issues.  doing necessary cabling & wiring for new links commissioning in pop side.  handling technical related reports on daily, weekly & monthly basis.  handling lease lines and coordinating with concern team for link failures  coordinating with customer & get the status of network devices (modems & routers) & following with other service providers to make link up.  handling backbone & trunks (ds3 link) . incase if any down time for these links will trace the problem & resolve the issue by coordinating with related service providers  clients handled:  nse  honda motors  rmp  watanmal  univercell mobiles  jk fenner india ltd  cameo corporate solutions  spic  kone elevators  mobius  consim  tvs logistics  indev logistics  shriram chits - shriram trade finance; shriram city", "job title": "assistant manager (customer support operations & datacenter) && assistant manager (customer support & datacenter) && senior customer engineer", "job-duration": "2015 to present && june 2005 to present && 2007 to 2014"}, "location": "chennai, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "manonmaniam sundranar university tirunelveli, tamil nadu", "school-duration": "may 2000 to june 2004", "qualification": "be in electronics and communication"}, "resume-summary": "11 years of experience in managing customer support operations & datacenters. having good knowledge and experience in server building and troubleshooting issues in different environments."}, {"candidateid": "138", "skills": "emc vmax, dmx, vnx (6 years), netapp 7 mode (5 years), emc isilon (3 years), vmware vsphere 5.5 (1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills storage (enterprise): emc symmetrix dmx, vmax, vce, xio, netapp, isilon storage (midrange): emc clariion cx3 and cx4, vnx monitoring tools: symcli, unisphere, smc, navisphere manager fc switches: cisco and brocade switch operations: zoning, unzoning, firmware upgrade, trunking, ivr zoning san tools: cisco fabric manager and brocade fabric manager backup & recovery: emc networker backups monitoring, schedule backups, restores os: windows, solaris", "work-experience": {"company": "emc corporation - hp, in && accenture services pvt. ltd", "job-description": "19 november, 2012 - till date) environment: emc dmx, vmax, clariion, vnx, netapp, isilon, xtreme io, hp eva role: associate delivery specialist - ii roles and responsibilities:  storage provisioning for new or existing hosts using symcli/unisphere  storage clean up or reclamation for decommissioned servers  pool re-balancing  vlun migration  decommissioning servers  coordinate with support for micro code upgrades  exposure on symcli, unisphere and smc  xtreme io administration  hp eva provisioning/reclamation  exposure on emc replication/migration tools timefinder, srdf, open replicator, ppme  vendor /customer management during the hardware failure issues  lun provisioning using navisphere manager.  performing sp collects using navisphere manager  knowledge on vce vblock systems  knowledge on upgrades/downgrades of firmware in san switches  monitoring san switches for errors using brocade/cisco manager.  trouble shooting day-to-day problems.  monitoring performance of virtual memory, system events, swapping, disk utilization, cpu utilization.  monitoring backups and health checks of the libraries using networker management console  troubleshooting backup failures  data restoration from tapes  library management activities like robotic arm or drive replacement && june 15, 2010 - november 16, 2012) environment: emc dmx-3, dmx-4, clariion cx-3, cx-4 role: storage administrator roles and responsibilities:  providing administration for the emc dmx and clariion storage  storage provisioning (lun mapping & masking) using symcli.  create and dissolve meta volumes and add meta members.  storage provisioning for new hosts  storage provisioning/ reclamation for existing hosts.  vendor /customer management during the hardware failure issues  lun provisioning and management including expansion, migration and binding  lun provisioning using navisphere manager.  meta lun creation using navisphere manager.  performing sp collects using navisphere manager  performing background verification using naviseccli  perform daily health checks on clariion/dmx  knowledge on upgrades/downgrades of firmware  monitoring san switches for errors using brocade manager.  trouble shooting day-to-day problems.", "job title": "associate delivery specialist - ii && storage administrator", "job-duration": "november 2012 to present && june 2010 to november 2012"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "national institute of technology rourkela raurkela, orissa && board of intermediate education && pursued board of secondary school", "school-duration": "2006 to 2010 && 2003 to 2005 && 2002 to 2003", "qualification": "bachelor of technology in civil engineering && none && none"}, "resume-summary": "job vision: looking forward to associate myself with an organization where there is a scope for contributing and upgrading my knowledge for the development of self and organization served. career minute: have a total of 5 years' experience as storage and backup administrator. have experience on emc clariion, vmax, vnx, netapp, xio, hp eva isilon and legato networker. also, have knowledge on vmware vsphere 5.5 and vce vblock systems. have worked with accenture services pvt ltd for 2 years and 3 months prior to emc."}]