[{"candidateid": "185", "skills": "desktop support (3 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills:  microsoft certified solutions associate (mcsa server 2012)  embedded c  ms-office, ms word, ms excel, outlook  c, c++  asnt-ndt-level-ii  area of interest:  desktop support (l2),  networking, windows server2003, 2008, 2012., active directory, dns, dhcp.  servers, desktop and laptops (hardware and software)  hardware, software installation and troubleshooting skill used: hardware and networking troubleshoot knowledge, basic system assembling and operating system loading and troubleshooting  personal strengths:  ability to manage several assignments simultaneously, meet deadlines. flexible in learning and can convince others easily. i'm reliable, conscientious to employee who can handle direct and indirect supervision.", "work-experience": {"company": "csr erp solutions private limited, royapettah - chennai, tamil nadu", "job-description": "company name: csr erp solutions private limited, royapettah, chennai. designation: customer support engineer duration: 07th july 2015 to still   company name: ecpl systems private limited, kodambakkam designation: customer support engineer duration: 2nd jan 2013 to 12th jun 2015  roles and responsibilities:  involved in keeping the computer network up to date with essential security patches, interacting with various vendors, and performing small tasks on the server.  deploying, maintaining and troubleshooting mail servers, application servers, dns, dhcp servers and modems.  assigned incident tickets are closed within the resolution time.  installation and troubleshooting of operating system.  troubleshooting & resolving various network related issues.  configuring and resolving ms outlook.  handle daily technical support activities on desktop support, data network and server management.  grow clients and communicate to account manager by determining new opportunities.  setup desktop computers and peripherals and test network connections.  install and test desktop software applications and internet browsers.  test computers to ensure proper functioning of computer systems. maintain and troubleshooting the level 1 issue in windows voice server.  configuration, installation and troubleshooting usb color printer, scanner.  achievements:  reduced the system downtime with current employer by 20%, increasing the productivity.  reduced the cost of installing new equipment by identifying the effective solutions from right vendors by 10%   place of issue: madurai  date of issue: 25.09.2012  date of expiry: 24.09.2022", "job title": "desktop support engineer", "job-duration": "july 2015 to present"}, "location": "chennai, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "psn engineering college tirunelveli, tamil nadu && govt. hr. sec. school kalakkadu, tamil nadu && k.a.m.p. meerania hr. sec. school kalakkadu, tamil nadu", "school-duration": "june 2008 to june 2012 && 2007 to 2008 && 2005 to 2006", "qualification": "b.e in electronics communication engineering && hsc && sslc"}, "resume-summary": "desire a challenging career in a professionally managed, progressive concern in the field of information systems to utilize my quality driven professional ethic, result oriented personality, creative problem solving skills while exploring growth opportunity in the industries."}, {"candidateid": "186", "skills": "microsoft outlook (2 years)", "additional-info": "additional information ambitious  always think positive  good in team work  capable of working long hours without physical stress.  generic skills  showing sincerity towards the job to finish in time.  positive attitude & will power.  handle multiple assignments under pressure.  team work  good communication with seniors & colleagues  personal dossier father's name: mr. mahavir prasad  language known: english & hindi  ( ravi kumar) date: -  place: -", "work-experience": {"company": "configure && none", "job-description": "deploy, maintain, troubleshoot and support computer workstations, laptops, printers, mobile devices, phones and other computer.  pc maintenance & troubleshooting diagnose and resolve computer problems and requests from users in a timely manner.  remotely support end users in the field.  providing technical support for around 200+ user on day- to- day desktop/laptop/printer/mails problems.  microsoft outlook (2010, 13 and 16) installation & configuration and basic troubleshooting.  basic knowledge of ad, and working with sep (anti-virus) clint.  working on ticketing tool (crisil service manager) for rising and resolving tickets.  working with clearpath technology pvt. ltd. (seo & marketing based company) && installation and maintenance & troubleshooting of desktop laptop hardware & software.  pc maintenance & troubleshooting.  operating system:-windows- xp/7/8/8.1/10 2003 also knowledge 2003 and 2008 server.  providing it infrastructure support and troubleshooting.  installation and configuration of windows xp & 7 based pc's.  evaluating the network issues.  solving the technical issues of the employees.  providing technical support for around 75+user. desktop./laptop/printer/mails problems.  microsoft outlook (2003 and 2007) installation & configuration.  installation, configuration and maintenance of local and network printers.  resolve network related issues like check network connectivity, file and folder sharing, printer sharing.", "job title": "technical support executive (desktop support executive) && hardware executive", "job-duration": "december 2015 to present && may 2014 to november 2015"}, "location": "gurgaon, haryana", "education": {"institute": "delhi university delhi, delhi && smu university", "school-duration": "2015 && september 2016", "qualification": "b.a && none"}, "resume-summary": "to work with full dedication and use my knowledge and technical skills in the best possible way to achieve the organizations goals and excel in the profession."}, {"candidateid": "187", "skills": "system administration (3 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "ecentric solutions pvt ltd. - hyderabad, andhra pradesh && hcl services ltd (a subsidiary of hcl infosystems ltd.) - mumbai, maharashtra && sinai computers - mumbai, maharashtra", "job-description": "job responsibility:-  1. currently deployed at mxc india ltd. of wipro,mumbai client as dl2 engineer from oct-2016 onwards. 2. outperformed peers by maintaining outstanding record of technical support service, resolving 95% of all trouble tickets without escalation to manager. 3. creations of new users and their policies, maintaining ad & dns entries. 4. substantially increased security and performance of systems by initiating installation of new anti-virus software and critical operating system updates. 5. mailing elevated cases to reporting manager & keep updated to respective heads. 6. installation of all operating system, softwares & utilities. && job responsibility:-  1. worked at edelweiss agri value chain ltd client as senior associate from apr-2015 to aug-2016. 2. outperformed peers by maintaining outstanding record of technical support service, resolving 95% of all trouble tickets without escalation to manager. 3. substantially increased security and performance of systems by initiating installation of new anti-virus software and critical operating system updates. 4. company systems and applications, providing ongoing support. installed all applications and coordinated all hardware / software upgrades. 5. mailing elevated cases to hcl & keep updated to respective heads. 6. installation of all operating system, softwares & utilities. && job responsibility:-  1. worked at govt. client audit bhavan from sept-2013 to apr-2015. 2. installation of all operating system, softwares & utilities.also troubleshooting printer and scanner related issues. 3. substantially increased security and performance of systems by initiating installation of new anti-virus software and critical operating system updates. 4. maintaining asset inventory and keeps up to date track of new asset allocation to users. 5. outperformed peers by maintaining outstanding record of technical support service, resolving 95% of all trouble tickets without escalation to manager.", "job title": "desktop support engineer && associate && hardware engineer", "job-duration": "october 2016 to present && april 2015 to august 2016 && september 2013 to april 2015"}, "location": "mumbai, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "govt.polytechnic mumbai, maharashtra && chetana college mumbai, maharashtra", "school-duration": "june 2013 && february 2008", "qualification": "diploma && h.s.c."}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "188", "skills": "all desktop support along l1 network support (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical qualification   computer hardware technical and networking.  diploma in computer application in hanschara md high school.  networking support skills  basic networking, map drive, data sharing. tcp/ip configuration, smooth running internet, maintenance. networking in domain environment, & troubleshooting. hardware installation, maintenance & trouble shooting. cabling and lan troubleshooting.", "work-experience": {"company": "kochar info tech pvt ltd - kolkata, west bengal", "job-description": "1.kochar info tech pvt ltd.  presently i am working with kochar infotech pvt. ltd at kolkata for more than 5.5 years as desktop support support engineer experience work with client like reliance, naaptol, vodafone, aircel, airtel, idea, avaya, dristi, techinfo.  responsibilities:  maintained client support for existing hardware.  performed operating system installation, configuration, verification and testing.  maintain access control systems, biometric system  performed routine system management tasks, operating system upgrades and tests, etc., of windows 98 ~ windows 7, linux and other operating systems.  maintain cctv, all type sensor dvr etc.  os installation:- win xp, win server 2003, 2008, win vista, windows 7.  assembling, hardware up gradation troubleshooting,  windows maintenance, dual booting, upgrade & update the windows  ms outlook configuration, outlook backup & restore and troubleshooting  -disk management, partitions  -printer installation and troubleshooting  -antivirus update & virus protection  -scanner configuration & troubleshooting.  -troubleshooting of hardware and o/s  -basic networking, map drive, data sharing  -tcp/ip configuration, internet maintenance  -data cards configure and troubleshooting  -remote desktop and remote assistance  -wireless networking, networking in domain environment  -vnc configuration and team viewer configuration.  -user profiles backup and restore.  -sharing folder, sharing device & printer.  ad server maintain and user management.", "job title": "desktop support engineer", "job-duration": "march 2011 to present"}, "location": "medinipur, west bengal", "education": {"institute": "iihe kolkata, west bengal", "school-duration": "january 2008 to july 2009", "qualification": "hardware & networking along with a+, n+ in computer engeneering"}, "resume-summary": " having experience with vendor reliance, airtel, idea, aircel, mts, avaya, dristi dialler, techinfo.  manage domain environment for two sites through remote support (team viewer, vnc)  -manage shared folder and devices through permission  -mail clients configuration backup &troubleshooting (ms outlook, ms exchange, outlook express)  -data backup of all users,  -local and network printer configuration, troubleshooting.  -internet & lan configuration, troubleshooting  -software troubleshooting update and patch installation  -manage antivirus (symantec, )  -issue h/w, s/w and accessories to users.  -inventory management.  an effective communicator with technical skills & ability to relate to people at all levels."}, {"candidateid": "189", "skills": "it & desktop support,software installation & networking configuration (10+ years)", "additional-info": "additional informationother technical skills: networking: lan/wan, tcp/ip, proxy server & dns. remote desktop. technical support: hardware, software troubleshooting desktop & server. operating system: windows [] dos/linux. packages: ms office 2000, 2003, 2008 and star office or open office  interpersonal skills: team player, comfortable on pc, clear conceptual & strategic thinking skill, focused on personal & professional vision, good responsible & hard working.", "work-experience": {"company": "seven years - kolkata, west bengal", "job-description": "kolkata regional office] 4c lansdowne place, kolkata- 700029, west bengal, india designation: sr. executive-it operations [desktop & networking support]  company profile: * a 36 years old professionally managed company * over 120 branches across india. * serving over 5 lacs investor families & 2 lacs demat account holders. * category 1 registrar & sta approved by sebi. * depository participant through nsdl. * over 2500 trained staff members.  responsibilities: * responsible for installation, troubleshooting and maintenance of systems, software and networking configuration of entire eastern region. * responsible for instant support in any critical situation & daily reporting of system updation to system manager. * managing system assets & audit of entire eastern region & managing demat back office & transaction. * coordination among various hardware, software & networking vendors like hp, tvs electronics, canon, eaton-power ware (ups), vsat (tata net), bsnl, tata indicom to mobilize effective services. * responsible for depository participation and etds (sam software) handling.  professional achievements & project handled:  was a team member and responsible of total system installation (including power distribution inside & outside ups and lan cabling) at our dhanbad branch office.  was a team member and responsible for as vsat & isdn installation our saltlake branch office.  was a team member and responsible for as total diagram, drawing & networking configuration (single user to multi user) & system software installation our jamshedpur branch office for the period of one month.  at present handling remote desktop configuration and control same and other network in entire eastern region, which is running smoothly.  periodic visit to branch office for systems problem and modification as & when required.  present salary: 12000/- rs, and t.a. (total 13500/- per month)", "job title": "sr. executive-it operations [desktop & networking support]", "job-duration": "may 2006 to may 2006"}, "location": "howrah, west bengal", "education": {"institute": "saroj mohan institute of technology mohan, uttar pradesh && sasati nahala abinash khanthaldha high school howrah, west bengal && board of secondary education howrah, west bengal", "school-duration": "2005 && 2002 && 1998", "qualification": "diploma in engineering && education && none"}, "resume-summary": "a mind for technology and an attitude for winning, to build a career of fame in technical & engineering by merging practical experience and technical knowledge. flexibility, ability to work hard and perseverance with 100% devotion, i can adopt my self in every situation.  field of interest: server & networking configuration"}, {"candidateid": "190", "skills": "iis, sql sever, manual testing (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills programming languages: html  operating systems: windows 2008 and 2012 server, winxp and win7 databases: sql server web servers: iis", "work-experience": {"company": "yes bank and kotak mahindra bank and mlic && abg, nib and wcc - bangalore, karnataka && wipro technologies customer - is", "job-description": "project description: end user automation practice aims to authorize the business to reduce the incidents to the technical support team as well as reduce the response & resolution time in order to provide operational efficiencies to the business. eua allows organizations to proactively identify and resolve problems before they impact business operations at the customer site. my support manager (msm) and desktop matrix (d-matrix) is a client server architecture model which is installed in user's pcs, which help the user to keep the system hygiene for the critical technical issues to browser, operating system, antivirus, mail client configuration, printer installation or software installation preventive maintenance toolkit (pm toolkit) is a web application which helps desktops and laptops with self-healing capabilities. the objective of this tool is to reduce the incident to the service desk & increase the desktop/laptop performance using proactive pc health check-up.  roles and responsibilities:  checking all application related iis and db issues and resolving with in sla.  providing post implementation support, handling escalations and doing feasibility study analysis.  good experience in debugging performance issues using sql profiler'  debugging iis web server connection problems and database connectivity problems.  good experience in analyzing applications logs, system logs, security logs by using event viewer  verifying the validation of certifications for related windows application.  moving content and configuration changes from uat environment to production  executed and performed product support and installation documentation.  creating a knowledge base a for all known problems & train the l1 level engineers  involved in creating views, db creation and writing sql queries  configure and manage ftp site in client server  creating virtual directories and set the permission for folders as per authentication rules.  act as the point of escalation for systems administrators (systems operators) and assist them as per requirement.  preparing documents for known and unknown application related iis issues.  checking all application related issues and resolving with in sla.  experience in coordinating with development team, project management team to resolve issues faster  to suggest client about the pre-requisites on the application upgrade and configuration changes on iis.  good knowledge in migrating web applications from iis 7.0 to iis 7.5  configured application pool properties and assigned them to various web applications.  changing port and iis features in existing website as per change requirement && project description: wipro e-helpline is a solution catering to the requirements of running the standard service desk operations smoothly. the tool facilitates users to log calls for any incidents/ problems/ changes/ service requests occurring in the it environment, and helps the organizations to monitor the life cycle of the service desk operations. wipro e-helplineis aligned with all the key processes of itil. the tool also has feature of the tool is an online survey of the customer satisfaction and record the same through the csat module.  roles and responsibilities:  understanding the application  proficient in test execution, analyzing the result and proficient in bug reporting and bug tracking  testing of applications for performance, data integrity and validation issues  performed compatibility testing in various environment for different software version  performed testing on the end to end scenarios or the application  experience in understanding and updating review comments and experience in peer review of test case document  generating reports as per the client requirement and sending day to day project report to test lead and manager  testing and implementing the configuration part for various customer in the application.  performed the level of testing like module and system testing.  configure as per customer requirement in application and perform the uat testing.  experience in logging defects using defect tracking tool (e-helpline) and formulated product defect, status and test reports.  experience in preparing rtm to ensure test case coverage for all requirements  experience in analyzing functional requirements and translate them to test cases.  executed the test cases as per schedule, bug detecting and updating the status  reviewed test cases for peers and given valuable comments about test case coverage and functionality.  active participation in defect report meeting periodically and participated in retrospect meeting.  experience in backend testing using ms sql server and using sql statements for data validations.  participated in regular kt sessions for different modules and involved in stand up meetings and co-coordinating in cab discussion  taking backup of database using full backup when required and to fetch the data using sql queries when customer required.  creating jobs to automate repetitive tasks and test the job in uat setup when required for applications.  verifying all instances are up and running, and tested database accurately whenever required.  implement and maintain database security by creating the users, roles and assign privileges as per business policies.  extensively performed manual testing process to ensure the quality of web applications software  creating and maintaining various databases for production, development and testing using sql server  versioning of the requirements' changes, uat trackers and other project documents with proper versioning in visual source safe (vss) && is  project description: digital fuel is a portal used by wipro program managers and higher level management as well as customers in order to maintain transparency of sla achieved by different projects at wipro. as a vmware partner, digital fuel offers a powerful solution for it departments to manage slas of virtual and cloud environments.  roles and responsibilities:  before implementing the application to check the pre-requisitions in server  customized the application for customer requirement and implementing the application in client server.  to check the application is running in client environment.  after implementing the application in client to do the manual testing.  doing the application related activities in server for maintaining the application.  troubleshooting the issues in the application related coding.  making changes via sql queries if necessary for application.  space usage monitoring in database and server level using unix.  login id creations and assigning roles.  providing support to the application developers on the application databases.  experience with monitoring and troubleshooting database and application related issues and creating jobs to automate repetitive tasks when required for applications.  checking the performance of application through server  developed various database configuration and database protection techniques.", "job title": "my support manager (msm) and desktop matrix (d-matrix) && project engineer && vmware partner, digital fuel offers", "job-duration": "september 2012 to september 2014 && december 2010 to august 2012 && september 2009 to october 2010"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "bharathidhasan university", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "master in computer applications"}, "resume-summary": " expertise in manual testing for both web and client-server applications  good experience in the administration of iis 7, 7.5, 8.0 (installation, configuration, monitoring, upgrade and migration) with troubleshooting skills.  configure and manage iis and host the application in client server  troubleshooting .net applications and iis migration, backup and recovery  configure and managing of ssl certificates.  good experience in working with app pools, virtual directory, worker process, deploying ssl certificates, access control, authentication  good working knowledge on migration tools like web deploy (ms deploy)  good experience in managing web farms, modules, extensions troubleshooting skills logs analysis, failed request tracing, performance tuning and monitoring of websites.  good in identifying test scenarios and writing test cases by applying test case design techniques  well acquainted with software testing life cycle (stlc) and bug life cycle with experience in writing & executing test cases and test scenarios.  strong knowledge of software development life cycle (sdlc) and agile methodologies  performed smoke testing, component testing, integration testing, system testing, regression testing, compatibility testing and adhoc testing  strong knowledge in sql queries.  ability to learn new technologies and tools quickly  having 5 years of total experience in wipro limited 2+ years on manual testing& db testing and 2 + years on iis"}, {"candidateid": "191", "skills": "ms outlook (1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationkey skills  * a highly developed level of customer service, complaint and escalation handling. * knowledge site-to site and remote access vpn. * project handling and new initiatives. * flexible and able to adapt to changing environments. * willingness to learn and quick grasping power.", "work-experience": {"company": "indigo (interglobe enterprises) - gurgaon, haryana && patch/update management", "job-description": "role: the system administrator provides day-to-day hands on support to the organization's server and end user systems including laptops, desktops, mobile devices and applications. this position interfaces mainly with internal employees and departments with some interaction with external clients. common tasks include troubleshooting user desktop issues, building and configuring new pc's, performing various updates. providing remote support for airport offices. other areas of responsibility are lan support, break/fix, software/hardware upgrades, patch management, antivirus management, image management, application installs, user support and training, etc. && * laptop/desktop deployments and break/fix/troubleshooting (windows and macs) * printer / fax deployments and break/fix * hardware/software installs and upgrades * patch/update management * user support and training * manage it department documentation. * complaint and escalation handling. * basic lan support * active directory support. * iphone/ wireless device deployment and support. * microsoft windows application & office application support. * remote user support, vpn access support (windows & cisco) * desktop security (websense, safeboot), antivirus management and support * coordinate with multiple vendors regarding hardware service and replacement. * collaborated effectively with project, product and program managers to ensure project deliverables remained on track and aligned with business goals and expectations", "job title": "desktop engineer l1 && antivirus management and support", "job-duration": "october 2015 to present && none"}, "location": "delhi, delhi", "education": {"institute": "sikkim manipal university", "school-duration": "2014", "qualification": "bsc"}, "resume-summary": "it professional & it administration knowledge offering 2+ years of expertise in executing challenging assignments across a wide array of functional areas covering system integration & management solutions, system/functional and integration testing."}, {"candidateid": "192", "skills": "hardware networking (4 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationcomputer skills  client: windows (xp, vista, win 7, win 8, 10) applications: ms office (2000, xp, 2003, 2007, 2010) (word, excel, powerpoint, outlook), lotus notes, internet, antivirus, firewall, color drow, photoshop, tally 9, erp, typing (english & hindi) etc.  technical qualification  diploma in computer hardware & networking from j.t.c technical education centre yamuna vihar, delhi in the year 2009 ( duration: 1 year) basic computer corse in computer software yamuna vihar, delhi in the year 2010 ( duration: 3 months)  module  certificate in basic electronics, computer hardware & office  certificate in client operating system support & networking fundamentals  certified desktop administrator  certificate in network administration  technical knowledge   assembling of pc's  installation & troubleshooting of software's & hardware devices pc's & mac  installation & troubleshooting of operating system  configuration of domain & workgroup  installation & configuration of router, switch, modem  installation & configuration of wireless access point, bluetooth.  mac os installation & troubleshooting", "work-experience": {"company": "mac clinic media sloutions pvt. ltd - delhi, delhi && mudra it and power - delhi, delhi", "job-description": "place: delhi  1. project name: mac clinic media sloutions pvt. ltd. technology: microsoft windows & apple mac. role: desktop & mac support engineer. key activities:  responsible for planning, maintaining and supporting it infrastructure.  troubleshooting and replacing the pc spare & mac.  identifying lan faults and resolving the same.  installation, configuration and troubleshooting of ms outlook, outlook express.  installation of software applications & operating system like windows & mac. 2000/xp/vista/7 & mac os according to the project requirement.  installation and configuration of printers both local and network.  hardware troubleshooting for hp laptops and desktops and dell computers & mac.  microsoft windows software update services. && place: delhi", "job title": "desktop & mac support engineer && customer support engineer", "job-duration": "none && none"}, "location": "delhi, delhi", "education": {"institute": "bihar board bihar sharif, bihar && bihar board bihar sharif, bihar", "school-duration": "none && none", "qualification": "12th && none"}, "resume-summary": " 4 years of it experience as a desktop admin and wintel support engineer and responsible for manage and support desktops, laptops & active directory, server administration and server hardware maintainance.  creating new users, groups & granting appropriate rights and permissions.  hardworking and willing to take on new responsibilities and respond to it.  to perform changes, we schedule planned downtime for business units and providing them the outage information of service due to hardware replacement or reboot of server  installation & troubleshooting of software's & hardware devices pc's & mac"}, {"candidateid": "193", "skills": " windows server 2003,2008 r2,2012,r2, desktop operating system 7,8.1,10 installation and troubleshooting ,maintenance ,updating software and hardware  ms outlook , 2003,2007,2010, lotus note , thunderbird mail ,configuration  outlook backup & restore and troubleshooting, maintenance  network printer installation and troubleshooting. share printer access, file sharing  monitor ticketing system for new tickets and work-items. update existing tickets.  maintain hardware inventory control in ticketing system.  security management, data recovery management  tcp/ip configuration, internet maintenance, networking in domain environment (4 years),  active directory: managing ou and groups, group policy, replication, sites and subnet, fsmo roles handling, managing child and additional domain controller, trust relation, rodc configuration., ad maintenance, troubleshooting  backup management: configuring and troubleshooting different backup types, managing back devices, scheduling backup, windows configurations backup, windows backup feature and nt backup, user profiles backup and restore.  software raid configuration and troubleshooting, windows server configuration  dhcp and dns configuration and troubleshooting ,iis and ftp server configuration,  clustering in windows nlb and failover ,hyper-v virtualization  ntfs and network share permission , terminal server configuration  power shell v 4.0, server core installation and administration (2 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "hcl services ltd - chennai, tamil nadu && wipro project && niit - chennai, tamil nadu", "job-description": "3) currently working at hcl service limited as a destination desktop engineer apr - 2015 to up to day. desktop support engineer from: rolls and responsibility  windows server 2003, 2008 r2, 2012, r2, desktop operating system 7, 8.1, 10 installation and troubleshooting, maintenance, updating software and hardware  ms outlook, 2003, 2007, 2010, ibm lotus note, thunderbird mail, configuration  outlook backup & restore and troubleshooting, maintenance  network printer installation and troubleshooting. share printer access, file sharing  monitor ticketing system for new tickets and work-items. update existing tickets.  maintain hardware inventory control in ticketing system.  security management, data recovery management  tcp/ip configuration, internet maintenance, networking in domain environment overall job responsibility * active directory: managing ou and groups, group policy, replication, sites and subnet, fsmo roles handling, managing child and additional domain controller, trust relation, rodc configuration., ad maintenance, troubleshooting * backup management: configuring and troubleshooting different backup types, managing back devices, scheduling backup, windows configurations backup, windows backup feature and nt backup, user profiles backup and restore. * software raid configuration and troubleshooting, windows server configuration * dhcp and dns configuration and troubleshooting, iis and ftp server configuration, * clustering in windows nlb and failover, hyper-v virtualization * ntfs and network share permission, terminal server configuration * power shell v 4.0, server core installation and administration * customize os image development and operating system scripting. && 2012 windows software firewall, vpn configure * managing symantec endpoint protection manager -12.1.6 certification and honors:  completed my ccna (cisco certified network associate) only course niit in chennai from 2014.  hardware assembling and troubleshooting training, care it solution pvt ltd, chennai from 2015. && none", "job title": "desktop support engineer && destination desktop support l-2 engineer && system centre configuration manager", "job-duration": "february 2017 to present && january 2015 to march 2015 && 2012 to 2012"}, "location": "krishnagiri, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "pandian polytechnic college", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "diploma in thirupathur"}, "resume-summary": "intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed and dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. will to work as key player in challenging and creative environment."}, {"candidateid": "194", "skills": "mcse (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills  vmware server virtualization: vsphere esxi 5.x /5.5  server operating system: microsoft windows server []  mail server: ms exchange [] server  network: dhcp, dns, ftp, tcp/ip, smtp, pop3. http  client operating system: microsoft windows 7 / win8", "work-experience": {"company": "heritage foods limited. - ongole, andhra pradesh && engenius consultancy services - hyderabad, andhra pradesh && vigilm life style pvt ltd - bangalore, karnataka && tata consultancy services limited", "job-description": "reporting to it head  roles and responsibilities:  installing of all company applications like himps, ms office, winzip, and adobe etc.  giving support to 27 heritage plants (remote locations)  coordinate and manage relationships with vendors and support staff that provide hardware / software / network problem resolution.  trouble shooting of hardware issues.  installing, configuring & managing the operating systems such as windows starter edition/xp.  installation of various software's  configuring & managing outlook clients 2003 & 2007.  updating day to day activities in database.  allocating new assets and updating the same in records.  coordinating with vendors if any hardware issues found and logging the complaints.  troubleshooting the network issues && worked as a desktop support engineer for vigilm life style pvt ltd, bangalore from dec 2013 to dec 2014  worked as a systems engineer for tata consultancy services limited from oct 2011 to oct 2013  origination engenius consultancy services duration jan 2015 to till date designation desktop support engineer reporting to manager  roles and responsibilities:  analysis and resolution of user desktop issues via remote support toolsets.  creating users, groups, computers, organization units in active directory  good knowledge of installing and configuring dns & dhcp servers  good troubleshooting knowledge on active directory dns, dhcp and event logs  strong knowledge in active directory concepts like ou, sites and gpo  knowledge of planning, implementing fsmo roles  administrating and restricting user accounts using profiles permissions  creating domain users and implementation of group policies  knowledge in ticketing tool, managing & tracking tickets with sla priority basis  knowledge file and print servers, application servers  complete knowledge on backup procedures, which includes full backup, incremental backup and differential backup  creating templates and deploying virtual machines through templates  monitoring and managing performance of esx servers and virtual machines  creation of templates from vms and creation of vms from templates  troubleshooting esx & virtual machines  managing virtual center permissions  knowledge on vmware cluster with ha and drs  creating and managing resource pools for virtual machines  users and group management using windows server 2008/2003 active directory services  24/7 on-call support && responsibilities:  given desktop support for 500+ systems  coordinate and manage relationships with vendors and support staff that provide hardware / software / network problem resolution.  trouble shooting of hardware issues.  installing, configuring & managing the operating systems such as windows starter edition/xp.  installation of various software's  configuring & managing outlook clients 2003 & 2007.  managing installation of various applications like crm, pos, brs etc  assigning ip's manually & automatically in systems & laptops.  adding systems & laptops in domain.  installing, configuring & troubleshooting of all brands of printers such as local printers, network printers.  managing installation and configuration of add-on cards such as scanners, modems etc.  managing installation, configuration and trouble shooting of ip cameras.  creating & managing user accounts and giving the required privileges for users on work group systems.  sometimes inspecting sites & installing new machines with the required basic applications and connecting them into the domain.  trouble shooting network issues.  troubleshooting & resolving the concerns of leased line circuits by coordinating with the respective telecom companies.  generating call reports for daily, weekly and monthly.  updating daily asset details in asset management system && responsibilities:  installation all required software, pc hardware and lan troubleshooting of client pcs  assembling and troubleshooting of desktops/laptops  providing remote support through net meeting and on call support for the onsite users  installation of antivirus and updating of virus definition files on all the pcs.  installation, maintenance and troubleshooting servers & workstations on client sites.  network cabling and maintenance of client site.  installing and troubleshooting the problems like network and local printers  installing trouble shooting all operating systems  installing and configuring wireless routers and switches  troubleshooting desktop connectivity, cabling, switches, routers & including structured cabling, racks, patch panel & rj 45 cable management  responsible to install, set up, maintain network and also configure the peripherals, cabling and equipments accordingly as per the requirement.  responsible to monitor whether all the components are available for successful communication.  responsible for maintaining the backup network, hardware, software, files on a regular basis accordingly as per the company policies.  timely analyze whether any repairs or replacements is needed.  responsible for troubleshoot microsoft windows issues.  responsible for configuring & troubleshooting microsoft outlook accounts.  responsible for creating new microsoft outlook accounts for new users.  responsible for the installation of software's like antivirus, ms-office, adobe & acrobat reader etc.  responsible for maintaining the network & troubleshooting the network related issues.  responsible for troubleshooting internet issues  configuring, maintaining and troubleshooting of desktops/ laptops, printers and scanners, wireless data cards  vendor coordination and handling vendor related issues", "job title": "desktop support engineer && desktop support engineer && desktop support engineer && desktop support engineer", "job-duration": "august 2016 to present && january 2015 to present && december 2013 to december 2014 && october 2011 to october 2013"}, "location": "visakhapatnam, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "jntu hyderabad hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "june 2007 to may 2010", "qualification": "btech in information technology"}, "resume-summary": "possessing around 4 years of experience in the field of information technology as a system engineer where planning, implementation, administration and troubleshooting are involved with multiple platforms of os viz., microsoft windows xp, 2003, windows 2007 & 2008, linux, windows 2008 and windows 2012 servers"}, {"candidateid": "195", "skills": "mcsa (1 year), ccna, routing and switching (1 year), linux administrator (1 year)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "hsbc-offshore desktop support - hyderabad, andhra pradesh && hsbc bank electronic data processing india ltd - hyderabad, andhra pradesh && avaya - kolkata, west bengal && iyogi technical services - kolkata, west bengal && hewlett-packard and talk - kolkata, west bengal", "job-description": "hyderabad.  roles and responsibilities:  dealing with it issues at uk hsbc head office, commercial centers, retail branch and hsbc global service centers, addressing their concern promptly and immediately.  incident management. handling and updating tickets, constantly monitoring the queue for new incident, generating the daily/weekly/monthly reports and tracking the incident rate and volume.  install, upgrade, support and troubleshoot enterprise applications running on microsoft terminal services  hardware and software support for laptops, desktops, telephony devices.  configuring user profile on the cisco ip communicator.  user profile management, manage users active directory profile and groups.  access management, troubleshoot users ad profile related issues and reset password.  resolving application-software issues and diagnosing hardware issues on microsoft windows enterprise laptops and desktops.  performing/monitoring backup and restore of data from the network share.  remotely fixing slow performance issues on laptop and desktops.  advanced internet troubleshooting, remotely configuring and troubleshooting network issues on laptops and desktops.  customize desktop hardware to meet user specifications and site standards.  returning defective equipment/parts to maintenance inventory, documents customer repairs, maintains and restocks assigned parts inventory to insure proper spare parts levels.  remotely troubleshoot black screen/blue screen, jumping cursor and no boot issues.  hp secure printing, printer configuration and troubleshooting, manage user profile on hp secure printing environment.  install, upgrade, support and troubleshoot for printers, computer hardware and any other authorized peripheral equipment  requesting and coordinating vendor support.  analyze/troubleshoot and escalate technical faults to the relevant application support and do regular follow ups on the issues and to confirm fault resolution within sla.  lotus notes, have basic knowledge on lotus notes email setup. && it infrastructure management offshore desktop support - hyderabad, andhra pradesh october 2014 to present hyderabad. roles and responsibilities:  dealing with it issues at uk hsbc head office, commercial centers, retail branch and hsbc global service centers, addressing their concern promptly and immediately.  incident management. handling and updating tickets, constantly monitoring the queue for new incident, generating the daily/weekly/monthly reports and tracking the incident rate and volume.  install, upgrade, support and troubleshoot enterprise applications running on microsoft terminal services  hardware and software support for laptops, desktops, telephony devices.  configuring user profile on the cisco ip communicator.  user profile management, manage users active directory profile and groups.  access management, troubleshoot users ad profile related issues and reset password.  resolving application-software issues and diagnosing hardware issues on microsoft windows enterprise laptops and desktops.  performing/monitoring backup and restore of data from the network share.  remotely fixing slow performance issues on laptop and desktops.  advanced internet troubleshooting, remotely configuring and troubleshooting network issues on laptops and desktops.  customize desktop hardware to meet user specifications and site standards.  returning defective equipment/parts to maintenance inventory, documents customer repairs, maintains and restocks assigned parts inventory to insure proper spare parts levels.  remotely troubleshoot black screen/blue screen, jumping cursor and no boot issues.  hp secure printing, printer configuration and troubleshooting, manage user profile on hp secure printing environment.  install, upgrade, support and troubleshoot for printers, computer hardware and any other authorized peripheral equipment  requesting and coordinating vendor support.  analyze/troubleshoot and escalate technical faults to the relevant application support and do regular follow ups on the issues and to confirm fault resolution within sla.  lotus notes, have basic knowledge on lotus notes email setup. && kolkata.  roles and responsibilities:  issuing asset order approval forms for avaya clients upon availability of funds under client accounts to the requestors like order managers and central order desk of avaya.  managing avaya clients funds availability upon asset requirement, manage asset delivery and recovery.  issuing asset order approvals to global avaya clients. && kolkata. roles and responsibilities:  providing technical support to us, uk, aus customers.  interacting with global customers and addressing their concern promptly and immediately.  independent support services to all brands laptops/desktops, peripherals.  email client configuration and troubleshooting outlook 2010/2013, thunderbird, windows live mail, etc.  support for windows xp, windows vista, windows 7, windows 8.  resolving application-software issues and diagnosing hardware issues on microsoft windows laptops and desktops.  performing system recovery, backup & restore of data/windows operating system.  remotely fixing slow performance & virus/trojan/malware issues on the customers pc.  advanced internet / router troubleshooting, remotely configuring and troubleshooting network issues in soho environment.  remotely troubleshoot black screen/blue screen, jumping cursor, no boot issues and registry fixes.  advanced printer troubleshooting, printer configuration and troubleshooting in soho environment.  revenue generation, up-selling household telephony equipments & network devices, antivirus software's and other microsoft products. && kolkata. roles and responsibilities:  providing technical support to hewlett-packard (us) customers.  hardware and software support for hewlett-packard laptops.  remotely fixing slow performance and virus/trojan/malware issues on the customers laptop.  remotely troubleshoot black screen/blue screen, jumping cursor and no boot issues.  resolving application-software issues and diagnosing hardware issues on microsoft windows hp laptop.  performing system recovery, backup and restore of data and windows operating system.  providing technical support to talk - talk telecom (uk) customers, talk - talk isp router modem support.  worked on tools viz. opal portal (tam-copper line fault/exchange fault/circuit issues, data port reset), supportal (metascript - loop faults, nga test - for fiber line, network test - radius & authentication issues), cube portal.  revenue generation, up-selling household telephony equipments & network devices, antivirus software's and other microsoft products. technical and professional qualification  knowledge on windows active directory.  knowledge on ms-excel 2010 and 2013.  knowledge on sharepoint portal and services.  knowledge on corporate it infrastructure.  certified support engineer for windows xp, windows vista, windows 7 and windows 8.  i-yogi trained windows expert.  programming/scripting knowledge on c, c++, java, html, php, javascript, xml  php certification: done niit certification course of developing dynamic web application (php & mysql), done niit certification of mysql for developers.  microsoft tools: richcopy, microsoft attack surface scanner, winscp, disk2vdh & speed launcher.", "job title": "it infrastructure management -mcsa certified, ccna routing & switching, linux administrator trained. && it analyst && asset management && at limtex infotech ltd as technical support specialist level 2 && at wipro ltd. as technical support executive", "job-duration": "october 2014 to present && october 2014 to present && april 2014 to october 2014 && may 2012 to december 2013 && august 2011 to may 2012"}, "location": "hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "sikkim manipal university && bhonsala military college pune, maharashtra && bhonsala military college && don bosco school nasik nashik, maharashtra", "school-duration": "2012 && 2007 && 2005 && none", "qualification": "mca && b.sc.computer science && h.s.c && s.s.c in web designing"}, "resume-summary": "it infrastructure management -mcsa certified, ccna routing & switching, linux administrator trained. to obtain a position where i can maximize my experience in training, employee development, customer service, and operations management, directing a team towards its objective within the deadlines and thus achieving corporate goals."}, {"candidateid": "196", "skills": "microsoft office, os installations, updations and upgradations, suse linux, networking, system administration, desktop support, technical support", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical qualification:   completed jchne course from jetking infotrain limited, dilsukhnagar, hyderabad, telangana, india.  technical skills:   troubleshooting and installing hardware components (microprocessors, ram, hard disk, odd, monitor)  installing various types of windows's operating system, managing devices using device manager.  well known with ms-office applications.  configuring email clients.  managing and creating several types of volumes using disk management.  working with user account's, configuring network access and connect types of network's.  configuring bit locker drive encryption, configuring offline files. windows server 2008:  installing windows server 2008, configuring disk quota, creating domain  mapping network drive  configuring dhcp, dns, iis, terminal services, print services, file services  certification authority ssl,  applying group policies, windows backup and restore. network:  ip addressing, ip routing  basic router configuration.  access-list, nat/pat, v-lan.  key strengths:   quick grasper.  positive attitude.  ability to work in group as well as independently with responsibility.  hard working and self confidence.", "work-experience": {"company": "crown solutions india pvt ltd - chennai, tamil nadu && vihaan it solutions - hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "job-description": "worked in a project of wipro limited as a desktop support engineer with crown hr solutions pvt., ltd., chennai from 22-12-2014 to 28-05-2016.  roles & responsibilties:  troubleshooting and installing hardware components.  installation of operating systems.  taking care of network problems.  deploying softwares and keeping them updated.  performing case analysis.  solving customer queries rapidly.  troubleshooting printer issues.  assisting customer with basic queries.  gathering information for frequently reported issues.  daily check-up of server.  escalating issues to support team.  quick responding to customers. && none", "job title": "desktop support engineer && desktop support engineer", "job-duration": "december 2014 to may 2016 && april 2014 to october 2014"}, "location": "zahirabad, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "osmania university hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "june 2011 to march 2014", "qualification": "b.sc in computer science"}, "resume-summary": "i am applying for the post of desktop support engineer / it engineer / junior network engineer / system admin / system engineer / it support as i am having 2 years of hand-on experience in an it company. i am the ideal candidate aimed to be a part of a dynamic and progressive organization where i can gain something and work for the growth of the organization and which would offer me challenges with a quality environment where my ideas and skills can be shared, enriched and put maximum use."}, {"candidateid": "197", "skills": "technical support,remote support,computers,helpdesk,inventory management,guide to nontechnical person (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnnical knowledge- vmware, esxi 6,ha,drs,ft,virtualization, aws,   ability to explain technical issues clearly to nontechnical colleagues.   able and willing to work flexible hours in any shift when necessary.  other skills  ms office - excel / powerpoint / word   html/dhtml", "work-experience": {"company": "look in to asset management && look in to asset management", "job-description": " new roll-out project.  installation & configuration of around 1000 thick clients & thin clients windows & linux based machines.  configuration of citrix based thin clients machines.  installation of cisco ip phones.  coordination with other team members & vendors to complete the project on time. salary   negotiable  notice period  15 days && system of vodafone india pvt.ltd which include in, out, exchange of all it related asset inventory in remedy ticket management of india.   troubleshooting problem of outlook exchange client, windows xp, 7 and 8 os related and internet explorer's various application like crm, cpos, pps, intranet site, file-net etc.  troubleshooting problem of bit locker, device lock and sccm & av clients.  remote and telephonic support to branch and zone office engineers and remote users.  hands on wireless and local area connection configuration and troubleshooting.  hands on remedy 7.1, 7.6 & 8.1 for incident management which is designed under itil-v3  guideline and vodafone-ibm sla.  installation and configuration of new laptop/desktop for allotting to user as per vodafone-ibm standard software policy and security compliance.  allocating daily jobs and workloads and managing team performance and progress.  enforcing all company approved policies and procedures.  constantly looking for ways to improve processes.  giving prompt and accurate information on individual staff member performance.  attending and participating in team meetings.  ensuring a clean, safe and friendly working environment.  i have to strictly follow sla for timely closure of pending issues and to drive the team of increase constantly on quality of calls closure. he has to keep his close eye on issues slipping towards aging to close them within sla.  i have to talk to users with negative csat cases to understand their problems and to ensure that the mistakes if any done by team, should not be repeated in future.", "job title": "desktop support engineer && system engineer / it asset manager", "job-duration": "march 2016 to present && 2016 to present"}, "location": "ahmedabad, gujarat", "education": {"institute": "university mistake && st. xavier's college && gujarat university", "school-duration": "2011 to 2012 && 2007 to 2011 && none", "qualification": "bachelor of computer application in computer science && bachelor of computer application in computer application && none"}, "resume-summary": " proficient in technical and non-technical communication, both in oral and written  good leadership skills and has the ability to guide and provide technical direction and supervision for a given project  excellent problem solving, analytic and logical thinking skills."}, {"candidateid": "198", "skills": "system administration (3 years), system engineer (2 years), network administration (5 years), network engineer (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationskills  system   microsoft exchange servers: install, configure, deploy, maintain and support.  microsoft windows server operating systems: install, configure, deploy, maintain and support.  microsoft windows desktop os: install, configure, deploy, maintain and support.  microsoft office software: install, configure, deploy, maintain and support.  hardware: maintenance and troubleshooting. server  strong interpersonal and communication skills  network  * configuration to all types cisco switches and router * networking: switches, routers, hubs, servers, cables, racks, firewalls, lan, wan, tcp/ip, dns, udp, latency, voip, qos, eigrp, bgp, ospf, nhrp, atm, ppp, mpls  strengths  -confident in accomplishing any new project. -can complete a task within stipulated time. -can provide ingenious solutions to a problem. -can lead a team from the forefront. -can utilize the available resources as much as possible. -glad to face new challenges. -communication skills required acquiring desired results. -hardworking.  goals  -improve the quality of a work. -complete a work within stipulated time. -ensure a steady growth of a company.", "work-experience": {"company": "imsi india pvt ltd && oriental manufacture pvt ltd && meridian info tech ltd - vadodara, gujarat", "job-description": " responsibility of computer hardware engineer  basic mail server configuration & maintenance   basic domain controller configuration & maintenance   basic dhcp server configuration & maintenance   antivirus & file server configuration & maintenance   to give technical support to different departments   installation of computer hardware, software and network topology   providing assistance to network printers   technical support for workshops / conferences (audio / video)   bandwidth using management & access usage control   design the network model layout for proposed building of (ceui)   website monitoring / management / website hosting   troubleshooting of lan / wan  data backup and recovery &&  being ready for and dealing with service outages.  having contingency plans in place for diverse threats such as spam, viruses, spyware, power outages, fires and floods.  connecting cables between servers and nodes.  arriving quickly at the scene of any reported system problem.  participating in technical research.  setting up user accounts.  maintaining respectful interactions with members of staff.  recording all periods of downtime.  training company technical staff in how to maintain the system.  having a system in place that backs up all important data.  making specific recommendations about future upgrades to the system.  writing up operational and troubleshooting procedures.  writing professional reports and business correspondence to senior managers.  installing, maintaining, and troubleshooting windows servers.  performing on-site and remote technical support.  responding to error reports, problems or questions.  providing technical input for business projects in specialist technical areas.  repairing hardware and software failures.  maximising the performance and availability of it systems.  configuring and managing unix and window systems.  installing operating system software.  collaborating, assisting, and communicating with technical and non-technical personnel. identify weak documentation and processes and then develop improvements.  establishing and maintaining database security.  resolving or escalating problems.  incident response and root cause analysis.  perform data backups and disaster recovery operations.  monitoring database performance.  server racking, installation and configuration.  managing printer setup, configuration and problem resolution.  enforcing system security policies. &&  identifying, diagnosing, and resolving network problems.  tactfully handling irate end users.  performing complex implementation and maintenance tasks on the lan and wan.  install all new hardware, systems, and software for networks.  install, configure, maintain network services, equipment and devices.  supports administration of servers and server clusters.  manages all system back-up and restore protocol.  plans and supports network and computing infrastructure.  perform troubleshooting analysis of servers, workstations and associated systems.  documents network problems and resolution for future reference.  monitors system performance and implements performance tuning.  manage user accounts, permissions, email, anti-virus, anti-spam.  requires a thorough knowledge of networking essentials.  oversee software and network security.  strong analytical abilities and professional office experience needed.", "job title": "desktop engineer l2 && system administrator/desktop support engineer && network engineer", "job-duration": "september 2015 to september 2016 && september 2013 to september 2015 && august 2008 to september 2013"}, "location": "vadodara, gujarat", "education": {"institute": "b college && board/ university && ignou", "school-duration": "2008 && none && none", "qualification": "diploma in c.e && b.c.a in msu && none"}, "resume-summary": "innovative and solutions-focused it project manager with more than 8 years in it field and enterprise project management. certified it project experienced in managing projects related to hardware and software tools installation and migration, server visualization and end user computing."}, {"candidateid": "199", "skills": "microsoft outlook, printer, sscm, antivirus, (4 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills:   installation and troubleshooting of all microsoft operating systems.  installation, configuration windows 2008r2, 2012 sever.  experience in troubleshooting various desktops and laptops related hardware issues.  installation and troubleshooting of mailing software: outlook and lotus notes  installation and manage good knowledge lan & wan  good knowledge such as tcp/ip  installation cisco switch and router basic installation", "work-experience": {"company": "feedback infra pvt ltd && sgfx pvt ltd && none", "job-description": "installation of different operating systems like windows xp, windows 7, windows 8, windows server 2003/2008/2012. . hard disc partitioning and giving permissions. . installing and maintaining different types of hardware devices like printers and scanners. . installing software's and applications to user's standards. . good knowledge such as tcp/ip, rip, eigrp . file sharing and giving permissions to users to access the shared resources. . installing and updating antivirus and other applications. . installing microsoft office 2007, 2010, 2013 and troubleshooting.. . configuring microsoft outlook and taking backup & troubleshooting. . giving ip address and troubleshooting network problems. . good knowledge on domain joining. . configuring and troubleshooting desktop, laptop and server . managing and maintains the servers, pc's, routers, switches. . taking backup, scheduling backup of server. . instilling and counting the virtual private networking (vpn) respond to customer request to phone and e-mail in a timely and accurate manner. && responsibilities:  active directory management, ntfs security, disk quota management  good understanding of osi model, tcp/ip protocol suite.  well understanding switching concepts and lan technologies  ip addressing and subnetting, routing concepts  switches: basic configuration & vlan setup  router: basic configuration & monitoring of cisco router  vlan: configuration, switching  back-up and restore of all critical resources including router & switches ios, outlook, dhcp, dns  working knowledge of, dhcp server, dns server, proxy server.  client: deloitte pvt ltd designation: technical helpdesk co-ordinator  responsibilities: create users and give permission on the windows server.  troubleshooting of hardware and software  troubleshooting network related issues. wifi issues  updating windows system  backup of machines ( software data, pst files)  windows migration.  cabling and crimping of data and voice.  connect machines and laptop with projector.& tab  all types printer installation local and network.  warranty call handling for vendor (hp, ibm, local vendor of customer etc.) as per process defined.  escalation of calls to the pm and customer as per escalation matrix.  help the user how to reset the outlook password and how to download the pay slip from outlook through phone.  daily morning all well report and evening dashboard of all logged, closed and pending calls report emailed to joint director, deputy engr of mmrda. pmo of accenture, tl of hcl && responsibilities:  installations and troubleshooting of softwares (like score, finacle, oracle, sap, citrix etc.) through remotely by using offer remote assistance and netsupport manager in desktops and laptops  preparing daily/ weekly call analysis and engineer performance reports.  knowledge of incident and problem management  handling escalatation of all vip user tickets  configuring and troubleshooting of mailing software and microsoft outlook 2007.  remotely mobile device support for configuration of blackberry and iphone.  knowledge of basics networking and troubleshooting, lan, wan, wireless, vpn.  vendor management for various links, desktops, laptops, printers. and network cabling.  knowledge of basic pc and peripheral hardware troubleshooting (including print and scanning devices)  handling the daily backup tapes movement.   first level troubleshooting in network.  procurement and billing of hardware like external hdd, ram, battery of laptops etc.  first level troubleshooting of os & software's.  trouble shooting on windows xp & windows 7.  responsible for the maintenance of hardware, ensuring all equipments are secured under annual maintenance contracts.  support and schedule adds, moves and changes to various technology within the work environment including improvements, upgrades and installation of new hardware and software  report to the manager & asst. manager - information technology.  configuring of mailing software - lotus notes  installation and maintenance of desktop pc's, laptops, printers and scanners", "job title": "sr. desktop support engineer l2 && associate desktop support && remote support engineer", "job-duration": "march 2016 to present && january 2015 to march 2016 && march 2012 to december 2014"}, "location": "thane, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "vinayak mission mumbai, maharashtra", "school-duration": "february 2013 to march 2014", "qualification": "b.com in it diploma"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "200", "skills": "windows server , desktop issues , ip phones (3 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationkey strengths   self-starter with a positive attitude, teamwork, everlasting zeal to learn new concepts and acceptance of challenges.  systematic approach and quick adaptability to new technologies.", "work-experience": {"company": "ai it solutions - visakhapatnam, andhra pradesh && kms pvt.ltd", "job-description": "worked as a desktop support engineer in a1 it solutions from may 2014 to december 2015.  worked as a desktop engineer l1 (windows admin) in lupin limited (pharmacy company) as behalf of f.f.i (i.b.m) from december 2015 to october 2016.  working as a senior associate in hcl from october 2016 to till date.  roles and responsibilities:  solving day to day issues raised by users as per the priority given to them and intimating users the solution by phone/ticketing tool.  worked on product support. the scope of support includes resolution of problems logged by users  monitoring tickets in support queue and driving them to resolution within timeframe.  biweekly meeting with the business for reviewing monthly forecast process.  interact with onsite people regarding clarifications, updating and suggestions  assisting end users on queries and other related queries.  we ensure all the equipment logins should be adid and it is validated and secured. && none", "job title": "desktop engineer && service engineer", "job-duration": "may 2014 to december 2015 && april 2012 to april 2014"}, "location": "vepagunta, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "e.c.e kakinada, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "2010", "qualification": "b.tech"}, "resume-summary": "l1 level knowledge on windows support   provide end-user-computing services, including helpdesk and technology support services.  provide escalation services based on the support matrix appropriately.  provide orientation to new users about existing technology, used in parent organization.  provide remote support to operations and leadership as & when required.  daily call logging monitoring & analysis to eradicate repetitive task.  responsible for driving and leading the delivery of professional it services.  built a collaborative relationship with the business team.  duties include review of business requirements, analysis and also to test plan reviews.  responsibility for solving medium to high complexity issues and communicating the problem resolution, additional information to customer, project teams and other it support groups.  to meet with business heads for the development of business related application.  perform inventories and usage monitoring of all it assets and record all findings, changes, physical location, and incidences of support.  effectively communicate asset management strategies to team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion.  physical verification of assets on yearly bases across all location.  configuration of ip phones, specialist in avaya ip phones.  outlook exchange server configurations and basic troubleshooting.  call assignment to the user based on feasibility.  user rights management.  documenting and spooling reports based on customer requirement.  manage different security level features based on the business requirement.  maintenance of active directory issues.  dhcp, dns and wds.  windows operating systems (windows 7 and its successors including windows 10)  vm level knowledge   creating virtual machines and installing guest on vm's.  configuring esxi host as a ntp client and synchronizing guest os time with exsi host.  adding esxi host to vcenter server inventory.  configuring virtual networking with virtual switches (vm port groups and kernel port groups)  configuring iscsi storage.  performing snapshots, cloning, cold migrations and hot migrations.  creating templates from vm. deploying vm's from templates and allocates resources.  creating duplicate virtual machine's using cloning technology (hot & cold)  retrieving virtual machines by using .vmx file.  creating clusters for high availability, dynamic resource scheduling and fault tolerance.  to manage patches of esxi hosts using update manager.  creating users, integrating esxi host with ad and providing user permissions access vcenter.  setting up users and groups for access to the virtual center.  organize tasks, events and configuring alarms.  migrating of virtual machines using v motion.  performance monitoring  to create resource pools for allocating resources to groups of vm's  assets management  establish policies and procedures for tracking the sign-in and sign-out of desktop, mobile assets such as laptops, data card & entrust token."}, {"candidateid": "83", "skills": "microsoft technology, networking, hardware, it infrastructure, erp (10+ years)", "additional-info": "additional informationother technical skill  subjects details sap basis administration. sap erp ecc 5 database administration & server installation (sql server 2005, 2008 & oracle 8i)  sql server 2012& 2014  creating & managing database, user login & security, import / export data, backup & recovery, replication, odbc connectivity.  oracle 8i migration, partitioning, performance monitoring, database recovery, net8. server installation all windows servers, unix/rh linux 8. hardware / networking computer assembling & troubleshooting of all types of computers & laptops (ibm, hp, wipro, ) troubleshooting of lan, switches and hubs.  computer software's foxpro/vb programming knowledge, ms-access crystal report.  academic project  dba: \"data base management system \"with sql server 7.0. \"dhcp configuration on red hat linux\".  \"inventory control system (purchase, production, sales) front end vb 6.0.back end access 2000. \"jay plastics pvt.ltd. mumbai (west) \".  * permanent address dnyaneshwar bharatsing rajput. 21 lal bag colony. dhule road nandubar. tal. dist. nandurbar. 425412  declaration i hereby declare that the information provided above is true to the best of my knowledge.  date: yours faithfully. rajput dnyaneshwar", "work-experience": {"company": "matrix business machine pvt. ltd - pune, maharashtra && arya infotech network solution pvt. ltd - pune, maharashtra && olympus computers - pune, maharashtra && bharati vidyapeeth medical foundations\" bharati hospital & research center - pune, maharashtra && keihin fie pvt. ltd - chakan, maharashtra && r-tech computers kothrud - pune, maharashtra && none", "job-description": "pune 45 matrix business machines pvt. ltd is a iso 9001-2008 certified organization and having gained invaluable experience in designing, supply, configuration, integration and maintenance of it infrastructure and enterprise-wide solutions to hundreds of corporate clients in pune.  job profile working as a customer support manager.  role and responsibility * responding to issues such as service inquiries, problem resolution, and retaining accounts. * handling customer escalations and all customer relations issues. * managing customer expectations. * managing customer service teams, processes, and polices. * promoting products and services. * manage a more than 35 support engineers team to provide first class post sales support to customers * provide input into the pre sales process and act as a lead on support and service issues, strategy and approach * set clear objectives, evaluate progress and instill a high performance culture with focus on team work, service excellence and ownership for resolving customer issues * manage the team and individual performance technical and skills development. && role and responsibility * assisted customers in installation and operating computer software, hardware and related problems to satisfy all needs. * organized cases to be sent to support analysts and escalated cases if not resolved by system analysts and ensured use of all resources for resolution. * managed support cases and resolved all issues, evaluated resolution provided to confirm compliance with necessary guidelines. * provided pre-sales and post-sales technical consulting for customers and company sales people * assisted support analysts and provided necessary feedback on cases escalated to senior management. * work with customers, vendors, and staff to produce network designs. this involves detailing network requirements and equipment to implement different designs, producing network design documents such as drawings and recommendations for a particular approach, and the presentation of same to technical staff and management. * assisted customers and understood requirements and worked accordingly. * supervised, and provided technical back up, for a team of ten. * monitored employee performance and performed required appraisals. * responsible for administration, hiring, technical training, mentoring, and team building. && role and responsibility * responding to issues such as service inquiries, problem resolution, and retaining accounts. * handling customer escalations and all customer relations issues. * managing customer expectations. * managing customer service teams, processes, and polices. * promoting products and services. && pune - 43  job profile working as a it head.  role and responsibility * windows server 2003 / 2008 administrations * managing active directory, dns and dhcp servers. * managing hw issues -- vendor coordination * anti virus updates and ms patches management. * active directory services -- managing users, group policies & other resource objects. * managing cluster services -- installation & administration * manage ibm x3650 m4, dell t410, hp ml 150g6 servers. (os win 2003 & win 2008 server) * maintain cisco 1800, 1900 series router & firewall system (sonic wall tz 210, tz 215 series) * hyper-v server administration  managing virtual servers -- virtual infra client.  troubleshooting the hyper-v machines using virtual centre and hyper-v infrastructure client.  cloning and troubleshooting hyper-v esx hosts and guest servers.  creating and deploying templates. * server hardware calls escalation to respective vendors if required. * co-ordination with amc providers for all hardware, networking, internet. * setting back up policies and other standards for it dept. * total hardware (pcs, printers, lan) and software support/maintenance including networking. * manage l2 l3 networking switches. * to manage it dept having strength 1+4 * setup of 210 pc/laptops, 60 printers, routers and firewalls.  achievements successfully implementation of hospital information system (erp) for modules reception and opd management, lis, ris, mis, billing, pharmacy management, inventory, finance, payroll/ hr with time attendance, linen and laundry, etc. my role was overall project co-ordination incl. tracking progress of project, maintaining the issue database etc. && chakan midc pune. keihin is rs.350+ cr. japanese group in carburettor manufacturing having tie up with fie group from ichalkaranji. also have another plant in haryana.  job profile:- && job profile: installing & configuration of all software's & troubleshoots it. customer support as per requirement experience: 6 months. (date-jan 2004 to jun 2004)  jay plastics pvt. ltd. mulund. mumbai (w) && job profile: to manage information about stock and employee's. troubleshooting & installation of desktop pc's & different software applications and operating system. experience: 6 months. (date- jul 2003 to dec 2003)", "job title": "customer support manager && working as a technical support manager && working as a customer support manager && working as a it head && system administrator && customers support engineer && computer operator & hardware engineer", "job-duration": "january 2016 to present && september 2014 to december 2015 && march 2014 to august 2014 && february 2010 to september 2013 && august 2004 to january 2010 && january 2004 to june 2004 && july 2003 to december 2003"}, "location": "pune, maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "north maharashtra university jalgoan && c.m.s institute pune. pune, maharashtra", "school-duration": "none && none", "qualification": "master of computer management in computer management && master diploma in networking & data communication"}, "resume-summary": "name mr. dnyaneshwar bharatsing rajput.  residential address ashwini vihar, sr.no 41/3 flat no-9, sachhai mata nagar, ambegaon kh. haveli pune 46. contact no +91 [] email id rajputd02@gmail.com / rajputd_b@yahoo.com  total 12+ yrs. of it experience   expertise in installation and administration of windows 2000, 2003, windows 2008 & windows 2012 server, windows 7, windows 8, 8.1 windows vista, windows xp.  more than 12 years of experience in it with experience in server administration in various environments - window 2000, 2003 & 2008 windows 2012 server with active directory services (ad, dns, dhcp, hyper-v)  three years experience in managing / supporting hyper-v server (hosts and guests)  managing cluster services -- installation & administration  managing file servers (ms cluster servers) and print servers.  hands on experience on mailing server and ms sql server [] administration.  network management console for symantec end point, quick heal, macafee antivirus protection.  manage dell power edge 1850, 2850, 2950, t410 series server. (os win 2000, 2003 & 2008 server)  manage ibm x series 3650 m4, x3610, 225 & 226 servers. (os win 2003 server, win 2008 r2 server  installation and maintenance of all local & network printers (hp 5100, hp5500, hp 8000, hp 5550)  maintain cisco 1800, 1900 series router & sonic wall tz 210, 215 firewall.  installation and administration of japanese win xp, vista, windows 7 and windows xp."}, {"candidateid": "81", "skills": "windows os installation & troubleshootin, router & swiches maintainance & troubleshooting,configure services-dhcp, dns, remote desktop etc,configuration networking and troubleshoots,linux maintainance & troubleshooting, (3 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationareas of expertise  networking - switches /  routers / firewalls  sql  1st/2nd line issues  infrastructure support  server support  microsoft technologies  remote support tools  professional  advance certified hardware & networking professional(achnp) includes-ccna, redhet6.0, mcitp  personal skills  problem solving  commitment to outcomes  highly analytical  helpful attitude", "work-experience": {"company": "ags transact technologies pvt. ltd && next education india pvt. ltd - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": "total work experienced - 2.8 mounths  responsible for supporting the company's sme clients at all levels as part of a helpdesk team. ensuring that all hardware, software and networking is configured and installed correctly.  duties: responsible for networking, design, installation and maintenance services. supporting users and network administrators over the telephone, email, on site. maintain the companies network infrastructure.  networking and providing support for windows, macintosh and linux issues. configuration and testing of any new hardware and software.  travelling to client sites to help with installs, deployment, and troubleshooting. management of the daily data backup and retrieval scheme.  installing and operating windows desktop and server operating systems. tcp/ip networking and hardware maintenance and repair.  training new employees.  assistance with training of staff and compiling procedural documentation. assisting the network manager with support requests.  ensure computer hardware is safe & complies with health and safety legislation. applying patches in accordance with company procedures.  key skills and competencies experience as a team leader for projects and systems migrations. excellent customer facing skills.   a positive attitude towards customer service and good communication skills.  experienced troubleshooting and configuration of windows server 2003, exchange /xp professional /windows 7, linux. configuration various type of services-dhcp, dns, remote desktop support commercial technical support experience of servers and network infrastructure. ability to be clear & concise when explaining technical procedures to customers.  configure routers & swiches && i have worked with this company for 1 years and gain a great experienced", "job title": "it customer support engineer && technical supoort engineer", "job-duration": "august 2015 to present && october 2014 to august 2015"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "mits(microcity institute of technical studies) udaipur, rajasthan", "school-duration": "2012 to 2014", "qualification": "achnp deploma(advanced certified hardware & networking professional) in it solutions"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "201", "skills": "windows server 2008 r2 , vmware,linux (4 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "redington gulf fze- india branch - chennai, tamil nadu && fiducia infotek - chennai, tamil nadu && ael data service llp - chennai, tamil nadu && nict computer education - chennai, tamil nadu", "job-description": "job responsibilities  administer servers, desktop computers, laptops, voip, printers, antivirus, switches, firewalls, software deployment, security updates and patches  managing user accounts and giving share & security level permissions.  installed and configured the vmware esxi 4.1 in hp proliant g6 server.  installed and configured from existing server as per requirement.  installed and configured the veeam backup and replication take monthly backup from vmware server  installed and configured of windows server 2008 r2, windows server 2012 in virtual host as guest operating system  installed and configured dhcp server, group policy, dns server in windows server 2008.  troubleshoot problems reported through manage engine service desk.  creating and providing a share and security folder access for internal employee.  work closely with all business units and 3rd party vendors to measure, track, report, and troubleshoot all application and/or system performance to ensure sla's are met  blocking and unblocking site as per require through zscaler proxy  provide support to internal client as well as external client over the telephone, ticket, email, remote support.  maintain it asset entire organization through manage engine asset explorer, generate monthly report send to manager.  ensure system connectivity of all desktops, laptops, servers, shared software, groupware, and other internal and external applications  monitoring the datacenter server connectivity.  responsible for maintaining the network and troubleshooting the network related issue.  responsible for sharing the network printer and also isp issue.  providing support to production desktop and laptop, find out the problem replace hardware or software application and also support through remote location.  installation of basic software through client desktop and laptop like ms-office package 2010, 2013, sap 7.3 front end client, pdf reader, winrar, tightvnc, able to extract.  support through call center internal team for connectivity issue.  installation and configuration 3cx agent software to client.  user creation in asterisk server, coordinate with call center vendor to fix issue.  configuring the mail through outlook 2010 and 2013.  basic support to exchange server 2010 and 2013.  create and maintain documentation as it relates to system configuration, mapping, processes, and service records as per company polices.  it project  existing hp proliant dl380 g6 server configuration with raid 5, and install and configured the vmware esxi server 6.5. after that create guest operating system as windows server 2008 r2.  file server migration from existing window server 2008 r2 to new windows server 2008 r2 without data loss && job responsibilities  installed and configured windows active directory server, dns server, and dhcp server.  deployed windows deployment service (wds) to deploy pre-configured os and wsus for patch management  install and configured the oracle database 10 g on server 2008 r2  install and configured the oracle linux 6 for new server configuration  install and configured the windows 7 for end user.  install and configured the symantec end point (unmanaged client)  installation of basic software through client desktop and laptop like ms-office package 2010, adobe reader, winrar.  user creation and deletion for user in active directory, password unlock  maintaining it asset.  installed and configured the manage engine service desk for ticketing system for internal team  responsible for internet related issue.  implemented linux based development environment internally and given internal support.  installing and configuring linux servers for internal/external application deployments.  configured monitoring servers and services with fully automated nagios and manage engine application manager and desktop central manager.  install and configure oracle application like forms, reports, and database in windows 7.  configure the mailing system through outlook. && job responsibilities windows  installed and configured windows active directory server, dns server, and dhcp server.  installation of client operating system in windows xp, windows 7, windows 8.  installation of anti-virus (symantec) in windows desktop and server.  respond to telephone calls, emails, and assigned tickets from users assign work orders/incidents to appropriate support teams and follows up until closure.  troubleshoot the desktop& server problems.  regular checklist for servers.  maintain stock register and asset details.  view the log details.  system hardening for windows operating system.  installed and configure the thunderbird in users.  creating username and password for users in desktops.  providing the sharing and security to users for directories.  creating a directory structure for internal/ external client.  creating and providing access for ftp user for internal /external client.  installed and configure the active directory domain trust for windows servers 2003 and 2008.  installed and configure the ibm tape library in windows servers 2003, and also backup and restore data.  backup data through external hard disk, in case server running out of space. performing backup of data.  linux  installation of operating system in centos, ubuntu and fedora.  creating a username and password for users.  handling package management tools like rpm, yum and apt-get.  installed and creating the directory structure for internal team.  installed and configure the samba server for file sharing.  installed and configure the nfs server for file sharing.  installed and configure the wine in centos, fedora and ubuntu.  cronjob scheduling for auto backup, to perform daily backup.  mounting the external hard disk permanently in fstab.  installed and configure the ipa server and ipa clients for r&d && job responsibilities  create id for new joining in the institute.  h/w and networking training to the students.  database maintenance, log creating.  installation and configuration of windows 7  system admin maintenance of all system, trouble shooting etc. maintaining lan & wan network.", "job title": "system support executive && system administrator && system administrator && faculty cum system administrator", "job-duration": "february 2015 to present && april 2014 to january 2015 && august 2013 to april 2014 && january 2013 to june 2013"}, "location": "chennai, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "anna university && thai moogabigai polytechnic college && marthoma matriculation hr. sec school && think up institute", "school-duration": "2011 && 2008 && 2005 && none", "qualification": "b.tech in information technology && diploma in ece && sslc in technology && technology snapshot"}, "resume-summary": "to obtain a challenging and rewarding position in system and network administration with an organization which recognizes my true potential and provides me sufficient avenues for professional growth through nurturing my technical skills and competencies."}, {"candidateid": "202", "skills": "installation & troubleshooting of system & network/ also a good knowledge of sells (4 years)", "additional-info": "additional information co-operation in work with colleagues and adoptable to the work.", "work-experience": {"company": "transcrop enterprises - patna, bihar && icici bank - new delhi, delhi && hdfc bank - new delhi, delhi && medsave india pvt ltd. - new delhi, delhi", "job-description": "my work at transcrop is manage all inventory of site & troubleshoot all problems related to laptops, networks,softwares,manage emails & support to executive and interviewer on phone or teamviewer. && my work at icici was to open saving & current account. i usually meet to the clients and convience them to purchase our product and make a good relationship between bank and clients. && my work at hdfc was to open saving & current account. i usually meet to the clients and convience them to purchase our product and make a good relationship between bank and clients. && my work at medsave india was to manage a team executive those were working in fields, so i assist them to any difficulties like any type of system issue, connectivity issue,mails issue,network issue.at the end of the day i usually collect the data from executive and make report & send to my manager.", "job title": "desktop & network support engineer && senior sales officer && sales officer && team leader", "job-duration": "march 2016 to present && february 2015 to december 2016 && august 2013 to february 2015 && november 2011 to june 2013"}, "location": "fatehpur (patna), bihar", "education": {"institute": "jetking patna, bihar && magadh university patna patna, bihar", "school-duration": "2010 to 2011 && 2006 to 2009", "qualification": "jetking certified hardware & networking professional in computer & network && ba in arts (history)"}, "resume-summary": "to work for an organization that will bring best of my talent and give me responsibility and independence. utilizing my skills to the fullest and offer me learning experience and cooperate to achieve desired goals for mine and of the organization."}, {"candidateid": "203", "skills": "ccna, windows server 2008, rhel, outlook, remote support, helpdesk management, (7 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical qualification  * ms windows server 2008, ccna, redhat linux, exchange server 2010, network security, ethical hacking, storage basics & cloud computing from jetking. * n+ from iiht * a+ from niit * tally from pentasys computer * pgdca from ramakrishna educational & charitable trust.", "work-experience": {"company": "kaizen it services pvt ltd. - bokaro steel city, jharkhand && cms it services private limited - angul, orissa && firstsource ltd - bhubaneshwar, orissa && kanishka institute of network technology - bhubaneshwar, orissa && info world - angul, orissa", "job-description": "responsibilities   perform troubleshooting on assigned ticket on incident management system and resolve the problem within sla.  reporting packet loss, link status and provide support in resolving network problem and troubleshooting of lan connectivity issues, share ping logs & trace logs to l2 network team to help minimize downtime.  provide support by diagnosing and resolving technical issues for desktops, laptops, hp prodesk, thinclients & avaya voip in an environment having more than two hundred of users.  install, upgrade, support and troubleshoot xp, windows 7, microsoft office 2003/2007 & other authorised software & applications.  install, upgrade, support and troubleshoot for printers, computer hardware and any other authorised peripheral equipment.  ensuring san patches and security updates are applied & antivirus (mcafee) installed and kept up to date.  ensuring all scripts for applications are running properly and genarating accurate logs in monitoring systems & preparing scripts when necessary.  responsible for taking dhl server daily backup, restoration & preparing/ publishing of daily checklist and weekly vdi maintenance checklist.  providing assistance and support to colleagues in it-related matters.  user account administration, i.e., account creation, permission & password reset.  ip configuration, internet access for lan, proxy setting & exception entry.  escalating it issues to the it manager where necessary. && location: - lewis road, bhubaneswar, odisha duration: - february 2014 to july 2014. responsibilities  taken class for a+, n+ & server 2008, pgdca && responsibilities  connecting & configuring pcs for use on lan  installation & maintenance of local area network in small office/ organization, institution & cyber cafe.  installation of various operating systems such as windows xp, vista, 7, 8 and linux.  installation of application softwares in all new desktops, laptops & provide after sales service for desktops, laptops, printers etc.  assembling/disassembling of various desktops, laptops.  installing and configuring hardware devices and drivers.  installation, maintenance of other computer peripherals such as printer, scaner, web camera, pci card, modem, cd rom and writers.  troubleshooting virus related problem and installing, activating & updating antivirus such as microsoft essential, quickheal, kaspker sky, k7, trend micro, mcafee etc. && none && none", "job title": "technical lead (desktop support l2) && sr. customer support engineer && onsite support engineer (desktop support) && hardware & networking faculty && hardware & networking technician", "job-duration": "august 2016 to present && june 2015 to august 2016 && july 2014 to june 2015 && february 2014 to july 2014 && july 2008 to december 2013"}, "location": "bokaro, jharkhand", "education": {"institute": "mahatma gandhi university odisha, in && govt. high school konarka, orissa", "school-duration": "none && none", "qualification": "b sc in hardware & networking && hsc"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "204", "skills": "deskstop support, technical support, service engineer, network troubleshooting", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "anand rathi share & stock brokers ltd - mumbai, maharashtra", "job-description": "none", "job title": "desktop engineer", "job-duration": "june 2015 to present"}, "location": "naigoan(e), maharashtra", "education": {"institute": "gujarat technological university surat, gujarat", "school-duration": "2011 to 2015", "qualification": "be in electronics engineering"}, "resume-summary": "dear hiring manager,  i would like to express my interest in a position as electronics engineer for your publishing company.  as a recent graduate with engineering, practicaly, and technical experience, i believe i am a strong candidate for a position at your publishing company."}]