[{"candidateid": "207", "skills": "desktop support (1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationskills windows technical management. linux implementation and basic network and server management & sccm 2012installation and troubleshooting.  past experience worked as technical customer support in hcl services for 6 months from feb to july 2015.totally 12 months of working experience  tcs", "work-experience": {"company": "tata consultancy services (tcs) - chennai, tamil nadu", "job-description": "i am an associate of tata consultancy services. my domain of expertise is it is desktop support, the following is a summary of my work experience  -i have worked with problem owners, other stakeholders to identify problem scope and escalate it service outages to specialized teams. performing end-to-end incident management and managing production environment without any issues.  -provided dedicated technical/it support to various client, including identifying problem incidents with their subsequent resolutions.  -assisted company personel with desktop operation, including both hardware and software -provided employee training and instructions (through presentations) regarding basic operation of software and hardware, technical support and quality standards.  -supervised and performed installation of new it equipment and system software.  -responsible for diagnosing & resolving hardware, software & end users problems.  -acting as the first point of contact for all it & technical queries. developing the infrastructure and systems to meet the companies' needs.  -working within a tcp/ip network environment, including dhcp, dns and ethernet. involved in the rollout of software updates and patches.  -investigate specialist and complex it support issues for entire tcs tril location. communicating with third party technical specialists.  -configuring and managing backup & restore procedures. maintaining a wide range of computer hardware and software programmes.  -deploying new hardware, evaluating new software & security risks.  -in-depth knowledge of microsoft windows client operating systems, xp, vista, windows 7, 8, 8.1& 10 microsoft office up to office 2016.  tcs -it security experience including sepm anti-virus / malware, macafee encryption deployment. technology & spoc for go green (power reduction techniques for tcs)  -i have experience in sccm 2012 installation and configuration and in windows server 2008 ad maintenance.", "job title": "desktop support engineer", "job-duration": "september 2015 to july 2016"}, "location": "tiruchchirappalli, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "miet engg college & anna university tiruchchirappalli, tamil nadu", "school-duration": "june 2011 to june 2014", "qualification": "none"}, "resume-summary": "ready to join immediately"}, {"candidateid": "208", "skills": "mcts. microsoft certified technology specialist, windows 7 configuration.", "additional-info": "additional information highly motivated, innovative with good academic record.  great believer in team work and hard work.  work-experience working as desktop support engineer in institute of computer networking for 16 months.", "work-experience": {"company": "ag solution. - hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "job-description": "assembling a new machines, to connect lan, wan, installations of windows operating systems, severs. active directory 2003,2008 server, dhcp. recovery. backup. troubleshooting of windows. maintenance of hardware devices. and many more..............", "job title": "desktop support.", "job-duration": "none"}, "location": "hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "allama iqbaal urdu high school. nanded", "school-duration": "january 2005 to january 2006", "qualification": "perusing (bcs) 3rd year in computer science"}, "resume-summary": " career development and growth through employment with good growing and developing company.  continuous personal development through new skills building & improved knowledge.  i am towards higher better prospects for the company, my objective is to attend progress by achieving the target through enhance productivity and commitment for the origination."}, {"candidateid": "209", "skills": "windows os, troubleshooting the issues,maintanance (1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationkey skills and competencies   working knowledge of major networking components & hardware components.  ability to explain technical issues clearly to non-technical colleagues.  knowledge on ms outlook utilization.  thorough understanding of windows, basic unix and mysql commands  extensive knowledge of microsoft based operating systems, including windows server 2012, and windows 8.  areas of expertise   lan/wan troubleshooting  tcp/ip, udp, dhcp, pop3, smtp  outlook troubleshooting  windows [] server installations  remote access, vnc, putty, teamviewer  data backup for mysql.", "work-experience": {"company": "earlyfashions pvt ltd", "job-description": "maintenance, installation and configuration of windows servers and clients os, around microsoft server technologies, solving issues through remote access and troubleshooting network printers  responsibilities:  giving support to the technical aspects to our clients.  analyzing & developing key components using methodology prescribed techniques.  communicating and negotiating with users, specialists, other staff and suppliers.  network connectivity troubleshooting, vpn, tracert, telnet.  configuration, installation and backup of outlook. creating archive folders (.pst)  investigating, diagnosing and resolve network problems.  maintaining pre-packaged software applications on the lan.", "job title": "desktop support engineer", "job-duration": "april 2014 to april 2014"}, "location": "hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "jnt university", "school-duration": "2010 to 2014", "qualification": "b tech"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "210", "skills": "windows server 2012,2008 and microsoft products. (3 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "future focus infotech pvt. ltd. - chennai, tamil nadu && crown solutions (p) ltd. - chennai, tamil nadu && sri kumaran info system - chennai, tamil nadu", "job-description": "responsibilities responsible for providing it assistance to users include application support, hardware, software installation and troubleshooting && responsibilities responsible for configuring, maintaining and troubleshooting the system related issues && none", "job title": "desktop support engineer && desktop support engineer l1 && system engineer", "job-duration": "december 2014 to present && january 2013 to june 2014 && january 2012 to december 2012"}, "location": "chennai, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "hindustan institute of engineering technology chennai, tamil nadu && balaji.metric.hr.sec.school  chennai. chennai, tamil nadu", "school-duration": "2011 && 2008", "qualification": "diploma in computer science engineering && secondary school education"}, "resume-summary": "* iam having more than 3 years experience as desktop support engineer * good knowledge in implementing, managing microsoft windows operating systems * excellent background in the assembling, installation, upgrade, configuration, and support of hardware, software and peripherals.  key strengths * superior ability to achieve immediate and long term goals * excellent human relation skills * adaptability to latest hardware and software technologies  technical skills * good knowledge in osi, dhcp and dns concepts. * good knowledge in active directory services * creating users, groups and organizational unit in ad * assigning permissions for users as per requirement in local accounts and ad. * good knowledge in system centre configuration manager (sccm)"}, {"candidateid": "211", "skills": "networking (4 years), desktop support (4 years), network engineer (4 years), network administration (4 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationadditional qualifications ..   completed hardware and networking gims (global infrastructure management specialist) from indian institute of hardware technology ltd. (iiht)   state trade certificate (copa)   certificate in computer concept (ccc)  microsoft international certification  microsoft certification id: 7412581 to view my certificate https://mcp.microsoft.com/authenticate/validatemcp.aspx transcript id: 940696 access code: vishaljoshi 70-290: managing and maintaining microsoft windows server 2003 environment. 70-291: implementing, managing and maintaining a microsoft windows server 2003 network infrastructure.  technical skills  a+ (hardware)   installation, maintenance & troubleshooting of all the hardware components along with the network peripherals.  operating systems installation:-windows xp, win vista, win 7, sun solaris, linux, win 98, ubantu.  n+ (network)   configuration of ftp, telnet, http, ris (remote installation service), all networking basic command and network troubleshooting.  mcse (microsoft certified system engineer)   maintaining and configuring win2k prof. & server, win xp and win2k3 server.  user level and file level security in domain-client network.  raid implementation and local and domain security policy.  remote installation server, maintaining dns, dhcp, sus iis.  web server, ftp server, print server, proxy server, icf & ics configuration.  maintaining exchange server, mailing, chat server load-balancing.  ras server with / without radius server, vpn server with/without radius server, ipsec and network address translation configuration along with port forwarding.  implement gpo in active directory, trusting with different forest and child domain controller and active directory sites & services configuration.", "work-experience": {"company": "pearson education services pvt ltd - ahmedabad, gujarat", "job-description": "handling windows 2003 and 2008 server with security. handling all type of network and system related issues. handling system installation, hardware troubleshoots and network troubleshooting.", "job title": "desktop & network support engineer", "job-duration": "december 2011 to present"}, "location": "ahmedabad, gujarat", "education": {"institute": "gujarat university && gujarat university && j.g.college of primary education ahmedabad", "school-duration": "april 2012 && april 2011 && april 2008", "qualification": "b.ed && b.a. && none"}, "resume-summary": " to apply all of my technical proficiencies and knowledge to my work and thus to serve organization and learn emerging technologies."}, {"candidateid": "198", "skills": "system administration (3 years), system engineer (2 years), network administration (5 years), network engineer (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationskills  system   microsoft exchange servers: install, configure, deploy, maintain and support.  microsoft windows server operating systems: install, configure, deploy, maintain and support.  microsoft windows desktop os: install, configure, deploy, maintain and support.  microsoft office software: install, configure, deploy, maintain and support.  hardware: maintenance and troubleshooting. server  strong interpersonal and communication skills  network  * configuration to all types cisco switches and router * networking: switches, routers, hubs, servers, cables, racks, firewalls, lan, wan, tcp/ip, dns, udp, latency, voip, qos, eigrp, bgp, ospf, nhrp, atm, ppp, mpls  strengths  -confident in accomplishing any new project. -can complete a task within stipulated time. -can provide ingenious solutions to a problem. -can lead a team from the forefront. -can utilize the available resources as much as possible. -glad to face new challenges. -communication skills required acquiring desired results. -hardworking.  goals  -improve the quality of a work. -complete a work within stipulated time. -ensure a steady growth of a company.", "work-experience": {"company": "imsi india pvt ltd && oriental manufacture pvt ltd && meridian info tech ltd - vadodara, gujarat", "job-description": " responsibility of computer hardware engineer  basic mail server configuration & maintenance   basic domain controller configuration & maintenance   basic dhcp server configuration & maintenance   antivirus & file server configuration & maintenance   to give technical support to different departments   installation of computer hardware, software and network topology   providing assistance to network printers   technical support for workshops / conferences (audio / video)   bandwidth using management & access usage control   design the network model layout for proposed building of (ceui)   website monitoring / management / website hosting   troubleshooting of lan / wan  data backup and recovery &&  being ready for and dealing with service outages.  having contingency plans in place for diverse threats such as spam, viruses, spyware, power outages, fires and floods.  connecting cables between servers and nodes.  arriving quickly at the scene of any reported system problem.  participating in technical research.  setting up user accounts.  maintaining respectful interactions with members of staff.  recording all periods of downtime.  training company technical staff in how to maintain the system.  having a system in place that backs up all important data.  making specific recommendations about future upgrades to the system.  writing up operational and troubleshooting procedures.  writing professional reports and business correspondence to senior managers.  installing, maintaining, and troubleshooting windows servers.  performing on-site and remote technical support.  responding to error reports, problems or questions.  providing technical input for business projects in specialist technical areas.  repairing hardware and software failures.  maximising the performance and availability of it systems.  configuring and managing unix and window systems.  installing operating system software.  collaborating, assisting, and communicating with technical and non-technical personnel. identify weak documentation and processes and then develop improvements.  establishing and maintaining database security.  resolving or escalating problems.  incident response and root cause analysis.  perform data backups and disaster recovery operations.  monitoring database performance.  server racking, installation and configuration.  managing printer setup, configuration and problem resolution.  enforcing system security policies. &&  identifying, diagnosing, and resolving network problems.  tactfully handling irate end users.  performing complex implementation and maintenance tasks on the lan and wan.  install all new hardware, systems, and software for networks.  install, configure, maintain network services, equipment and devices.  supports administration of servers and server clusters.  manages all system back-up and restore protocol.  plans and supports network and computing infrastructure.  perform troubleshooting analysis of servers, workstations and associated systems.  documents network problems and resolution for future reference.  monitors system performance and implements performance tuning.  manage user accounts, permissions, email, anti-virus, anti-spam.  requires a thorough knowledge of networking essentials.  oversee software and network security.  strong analytical abilities and professional office experience needed.", "job title": "desktop engineer l2 && system administrator/desktop support engineer && network engineer", "job-duration": "september 2015 to september 2016 && september 2013 to september 2015 && august 2008 to september 2013"}, "location": "vadodara, gujarat", "education": {"institute": "b college && board/ university && ignou", "school-duration": "2008 && none && none", "qualification": "diploma in c.e && b.c.a in msu && none"}, "resume-summary": "innovative and solutions-focused it project manager with more than 8 years in it field and enterprise project management. certified it project experienced in managing projects related to hardware and software tools installation and migration, server visualization and end user computing."}, {"candidateid": "200", "skills": "windows server , desktop issues , ip phones (3 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationkey strengths   self-starter with a positive attitude, teamwork, everlasting zeal to learn new concepts and acceptance of challenges.  systematic approach and quick adaptability to new technologies.", "work-experience": {"company": "ai it solutions - visakhapatnam, andhra pradesh && kms pvt.ltd", "job-description": "worked as a desktop support engineer in a1 it solutions from may 2014 to december 2015.  worked as a desktop engineer l1 (windows admin) in lupin limited (pharmacy company) as behalf of f.f.i (i.b.m) from december 2015 to october 2016.  working as a senior associate in hcl from october 2016 to till date.  roles and responsibilities:  solving day to day issues raised by users as per the priority given to them and intimating users the solution by phone/ticketing tool.  worked on product support. the scope of support includes resolution of problems logged by users  monitoring tickets in support queue and driving them to resolution within timeframe.  biweekly meeting with the business for reviewing monthly forecast process.  interact with onsite people regarding clarifications, updating and suggestions  assisting end users on queries and other related queries.  we ensure all the equipment logins should be adid and it is validated and secured. && none", "job title": "desktop engineer && service engineer", "job-duration": "may 2014 to december 2015 && april 2012 to april 2014"}, "location": "vepagunta, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "e.c.e kakinada, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "2010", "qualification": "b.tech"}, "resume-summary": "l1 level knowledge on windows support   provide end-user-computing services, including helpdesk and technology support services.  provide escalation services based on the support matrix appropriately.  provide orientation to new users about existing technology, used in parent organization.  provide remote support to operations and leadership as & when required.  daily call logging monitoring & analysis to eradicate repetitive task.  responsible for driving and leading the delivery of professional it services.  built a collaborative relationship with the business team.  duties include review of business requirements, analysis and also to test plan reviews.  responsibility for solving medium to high complexity issues and communicating the problem resolution, additional information to customer, project teams and other it support groups.  to meet with business heads for the development of business related application.  perform inventories and usage monitoring of all it assets and record all findings, changes, physical location, and incidences of support.  effectively communicate asset management strategies to team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion.  physical verification of assets on yearly bases across all location.  configuration of ip phones, specialist in avaya ip phones.  outlook exchange server configurations and basic troubleshooting.  call assignment to the user based on feasibility.  user rights management.  documenting and spooling reports based on customer requirement.  manage different security level features based on the business requirement.  maintenance of active directory issues.  dhcp, dns and wds.  windows operating systems (windows 7 and its successors including windows 10)  vm level knowledge   creating virtual machines and installing guest on vm's.  configuring esxi host as a ntp client and synchronizing guest os time with exsi host.  adding esxi host to vcenter server inventory.  configuring virtual networking with virtual switches (vm port groups and kernel port groups)  configuring iscsi storage.  performing snapshots, cloning, cold migrations and hot migrations.  creating templates from vm. deploying vm's from templates and allocates resources.  creating duplicate virtual machine's using cloning technology (hot & cold)  retrieving virtual machines by using .vmx file.  creating clusters for high availability, dynamic resource scheduling and fault tolerance.  to manage patches of esxi hosts using update manager.  creating users, integrating esxi host with ad and providing user permissions access vcenter.  setting up users and groups for access to the virtual center.  organize tasks, events and configuring alarms.  migrating of virtual machines using v motion.  performance monitoring  to create resource pools for allocating resources to groups of vm's  assets management  establish policies and procedures for tracking the sign-in and sign-out of desktop, mobile assets such as laptops, data card & entrust token."}, {"candidateid": "212", "skills": "bpo operations", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "knoah solutions - hyderabad, andhra pradesh && mahindra satyam bpo - hyderabad, andhra pradesh && css corp - chennai, tamil nadu", "job-description": "nov '2011 - oct 31   solves, or assists help desk representatives in solving, non-routine or complex software, hardware, and networking and procedure problems  providing support to customer in setting up internet connection via dial-up & dsl modems  assisted in the installation of critical applications and components through remote assistance  managed trouble tickets using various call-tracking systems and meeting accelerated deadlines and metrics  resolved all escalated technical support calls on schedule by ensuring the complaints reported by the customers are resolved within the timeline allotted for the nature of complaint && provided l1 and l2 customer technical support of desktop, network hardware, software and applications  providing assistance to customer's in setting up dsl internet connection via modem or wireless router  answer calls of the clients and schedule visit to the sites if the problems cannot be resolved on the telephone by escalating issues to network office by monitoring customers phone line && configuring customers routers according to the internet connection provided at their home configuring switches for wired connection  setting up wireless routers, adapters, access point, wireless bridges for wireless connection at customer's place", "job title": "senior technical support specialist && technical supoort level 2 && technical support executive level 1", "job-duration": "november 2011 to november 2011 && april 2010 to march 2011 && february 2009 to april 2010"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "drkist hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "2004 to 2008", "qualification": "b.tech in e.e.e"}, "resume-summary": "i aspire for a challenging position that will allow me to contribute the value of my skills while offering me a challenging environment of opportunity and growth."}, {"candidateid": "58", "skills": "mcse (1 year), ccna (1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationskills:  configure and maintenance of wired and wireless networks.  ability to troubleshoot switches routers and servers.  great knowledge in email, anti-virus & anti-spam  operating system: windows 2012, 2008, win 7, win vista, win xp.  perform and manage systems, configurations, installation, upgrades, and enhancements  install and support lan's, wan's, network segments, internet and intranet systems  re-imaging of hard drives- using norton acronis true image.  skilled in providing support to end users  ability to work independently to efficiently resolve customer issues. .network: lan, man, wan.  technologies  operating systems: window server , windows 7, windows xp, applications: ms office , ms outlook, remote desktop, norton ghost, acronis true image, team viewer. hardware: dell optiplex gx, fx, rj 45 connectors, wireless routers, linksys switches, cisco switches, hp color laserjet, deskjet printers. ups (uninterrupted power supply) adobe photoshop, adobe reader.  protocols: tcp/ip, dns, dhcp, smtp, pop3, ftp, igrp, eigrp, ospf.", "work-experience": {"company": "united electronics company extra superstores - hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "job-description": "duration: march 9, 2008 to dec 2016 job description:  responsible & supervising for all (14) western region extra stores involving in windows it administration, installation, commissioning, maintenance, up-gradation and troubleshooting of operating systems (server/desktop/laptop) and related systems.  responsible for provide online/onsite technical support and other information required by the it-support team.   provide day-to-day technical support and administration of the technology infrastructure.   creating and logging call on itsd ( (it service desk) and assigning request to appropriate agent for solving the issue with in the agreed time in sla.   troubleshoot, repair, maintain, install and perform testing activities on various computer equipment, peripheral, data communication and computer network system.  maintain software and hardware inventory and tracking systems; monitor inventory, order, stock and store electronic components  problem management and creating new user and resetting users password using. active directory maintenance.  recording theft cases from digital video recording ( cctv)  support / troubleshooting of point of sale machines in the showroom  fulfill departments & users with pc & printer requirements. configuring personal computers tcp/ip communication parameters, desktop applications, main business application clients, and security/antivirus client setup. and provide access to shared printers, scanner, and shared folders.  provide assistance in fixing hardware and software problems by visiting the user in person & by vnc, remote desktop and team viewer software or on telephone for remote location.  keep track of pc equipment's and perform audit for software violation or any mishandling of computers and related devices and report it to his manager.  setup, configure and maintain lan / wan networks  update/upgrade personal computers & desktop applications.  create & track it purchases, warranties, and maintenance issues.  track stock and distribution of it stationeries and supplies.  maintaining inventory of i.t products.  configuring ericsson ip phones.  monitor and report systems logs and alerts.  performs and carries out duties as directed by the direct manager.  configuration of outlook, user profiles  installation and configuration of microsoft office 2007, 2010 & 2013 microsoft works.  installing and configuring operating systems and applications.  company: expert solutions (india) role: network administrator  expert solutions, located at hyderabad (india) providing computer hardware, network solutions, it deals in computers and peripherals such as hp, dell, compaq, ibm and specialized in network project contracts  job description:  creating new local area network ( domain or workgroup)  installing and configuring operating systems and applications.  monitoring and maintaining computer systems and networks.  making staff/clients through a series of actions, either face to face or over the telephone to help set up systems or resolve issues.  troubleshooting system and network problems and diagnosing and solving hardware/software faults; replacing parts as required.  responsible for the support of network services relating to desktop connectivity, user profiles.  supporting the roll-out of new applications; setting up new users' accounts and profiles and dealing with password issues.  responding within agreed time limits to call-outs.  working continuously on a task until completion (or referral to third parties, if appropriate)  prioritizing and managing many open cases at one time.  installation and configuration of microsoft office 2007, 2010 & 2013 microsoft works.  installing and configuring operating systems and applications.  monitoring and maintaining computer systems and networks  rapidly establishing a good working relationship with customers and other professionals, e.g., software developers.  testing and evaluating new technology.  perform other tasks as required by management.", "job title": "technical support specialist / systems / network engineer", "job-duration": "march 2008 to december 2016"}, "location": "hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "osmania university hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "1996 to 1998", "qualification": "b.com in commerce"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "122", "skills": " troubleshooting outlook issues.  installing cisco vpn, vm ware, citrix application.  configuring & installing avaya soft phone and hard phones.  configuration, troubleshooting and maintenance of the it/network infrastructure (servers, workstations, printers & peripherals).  managing user accounts in active directory services manage user accounts, permissions, passwords.  good problem solving skills with an ability to work under pressure  having experience with help desk tracking systems.  configuring and troubleshooting of local and network printers.  ability to drive the call in the incident.  proficient in analyzing information system needs, evaluating end-user requirements, troubleshooting for complex information systems management.  strong understanding of customer relationship.  easy adaptability and accessibility to any environment. (2 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationpersonal skills   excellent problem solving/analytical skills, quick and eager to learn new technologies.  disciplined, motivated, respectful, focused attitude and perseverance.  ability to work under pressurized working environments, deliver to tight deadlines and working effectively in a team.   providing l1 support for work at home employees and sutherland on-site employees.  configuring mailbox of users in microsoft exchange server  []  troubleshooting outlook and other application related issues.  movement of the user to appropriate ous.  installation, configuration and troubleshooting microsoft office 2003, 2007 and 2010   creating ocs & lync account and assigning feature based on requirement.  troubleshooting file share related issues.  resolving tickets with itil process which includes incident, problem and change management also maintain sla.  working with live environment where 24/7 support is required.", "work-experience": {"company": "sutherland global services", "job-description": "from past 1 year in sutherland global services. worked 1 year as a it specialist in sutherland global services in behalf of saadhvi technologies pvt ltd.  roles & responsibilities  supporting clients globally with the help of remote support tools such as log mein console, lync sharing & remote desktop connection.  responsible for providing it assistance to include application support, hardware and software installation and troubleshooting.  installation of front-end software as per user requirements.  troubleshooting outlook related issues.  maintaining avaya profile in avaya server.  troubleshooting virtual machine issues.  installing softwares in virtual machines.  avaya softphone installation, configuration & troubleshooting.  user account creation/deletion/unlock & password reset in active directory.  vpn account token creation /deletion/renewal & troubleshooting.  using altris ticketing tool to monitor the incident status.  acadamic profile", "job title": "it specialist in sutherland", "job-duration": "november 2015 to present"}, "location": "chennai, tamil nadu", "education": {"institute": "vel tech multi-tech dr. rr && jaya polytechnic chennai, tamil nadu", "school-duration": "2011 to 2014 && 2006 to 2009", "qualification": "b.tech in information technology && dece"}, "resume-summary": "to excel in the field as a professional to apply the best of skills and knowledge acquired and continuously strive for excellence as a professional to produce a synergy of personal and organizational acme and to be of value and significance to the organization."}, {"candidateid": "212", "skills": "desktop & digital publishing, bpo operations, team management", "additional-info": "additional informationsoft skills communication documentation reporting skills training skills consultation skills  technical skills planning adobe creative suite de-bugging troubleshooting project management skills  languages known  hindi english punjabi  work style 9 hrs./5 days in office weekends on call if required willing to travel / relocate", "work-experience": {"company": "quarkxpress publishing - mohali, punjab && ibm daksh business process pvt. ltd - mumbai, maharashtra && medusind solutions india pvt. ltd - mumbai, maharashtra && a. g. aero-vision electronics pvt. ltd - himachal pradesh, in", "job-description": "prepare reports and maintain records of work accomplishments and administrative information, as required, and coordinate the preparation, presentation, and communication of work-related information to the management.  report to the manager periodically on team and individual work accomplishments, problems, progress in mastering tasks and work processes, and individual and team training needs.  intercede with the managers on behalf of the team to inform the supervison of performance management issues/problems and to recommend/request related actions, such as assignments, reassignments, promotions, tour of duty changes, peer reviews, and performance appraisals.  coordination with automation, development and product management teams.  coach, facilitate, solve work problems, and participate in the work of the team.  interaction with performance team to provide the test data for the testing  investigating new technologies like vmware, app studio, mobileiq.  problem-solving and thinking laterally as part of a team, or individually, to meet the needs of the project.  providing architectural and technical guidance to product development.  deliver finished, high quality, and compelling software products.  work closely with product managers to ensure development meets or exceeds customer requirements.  problem management: process to keep track of any os including mac snow leopard, windows vista, 7, xp and servers, virus related problems, update patches (low, medium, high, critical)  constantly update technical knowledge and skills by attending in-house and/or external courses, reading manuals and accessing new applications.  preparing documentations and weekly reports which includes various issues reported by customers, voice of customer prioritized according to the number of customers reporting a respective bug or unresolved issue.  manages support process for desktop / qla server / vms's.  administratively manage & monitor technical team and monitor their performance.  ensuring team meets service level and quality.  meeting management performance standards.  manages escalations from tech leadership / red-flag for global support.  follow-up with qa/r&d / product specialist team for the escalated issues.  handles dsats & feedback for desktop products.  projects:  app studio integration with quarkxpress: it includes creation of apple ios developer account setup including automation server (app studio publishing portal), x-code installation/ conversion of files from quarkxpress application in format acceptable on apple i-pad (.zave) . testing the apps on ios simulator on apple mac and submitting the final apps using app loader using x-code.  digital publishing (epub, blio e-book, kindle) using quarkxpress 9: it includes creation of issues print or epub; exporting them to digital format and then making them available for different e-readers to view the final content.  in-design / mobile iq integration for apps creation: testing of the in-design files to be created & then integrated within mobile iq portal using pressrun & it's creation of final apps for different tablets.   quarkxpress 6, 7, 8 (universe) and 9 (t-bird) o quarkxpress is powerful layout software with an intuitive, versatile interface that lets you combine writing, editing, and typography with color and pictures to produce dynamic final output. && troubleshooting & providing support for speed-touch modem & for voice over internet protocol (voip) via live box.  handled supervisor calls and provided feedback to juniors to solve queries related to narrowband, broadband internet & wireless & talk connections.  handed team supervision.  generation of team reports.  preparing shift-brief reports & real-time stacks daily.  handling firmware recovery & re-installation of internet products.  coordinating on-job training for the new employees.  manages apple mac internet connections for wireless & wired setups. && dec 2004 to oct 2006   insurance collection account receivable for provider claims.  orthodontics appointments for patients.  training remote site (colleagues) regarding process.  insurance eligibility status / us dental & medical claims status.  reservation and confirmation of appointments.  worked on remote client software for patient's medical & dental claims recovery.  generate daily reports & emails for the clients.  providing on-job training updates, feedbacks & trainings on timely basis to new employees. && supervising instrumentations & also work related gadgets daily.  explaining co-workers with proper usage of the right tools.  organizing of the tools & repair work was the part of my responsibilities.  supervising & managing the workflow.  interest & strengths  able to create healthy group environment.  outstanding communication skills.  extremely motivated and detail oriented.  professional as well as friendly with team member.  good computer knowledge.  exceptionally good analytical knowledge.  excellent management skills.  capable to maintain good relation with colleagues.  problem solving abilities.", "job title": "escalation lead - technical support && technical support associate - orange isp (uk) && financial transaction executive - us dental / medical billing && assistant maintenance engineer - samsung oem", "job-duration": "may 2008 to present && november 2006 to march 2008 && december 2004 to october 2006 && february 2004 to august 2004"}, "location": "mohali, punjab", "education": {"institute": "icel college, vashi mumbai, maharashtra", "school-duration": "2004 to 2006", "qualification": "bsc in information technology"}, "resume-summary": "opportunity to work in a fast-paced technical environment involving a variety of responsibilities and as an integral part of the management team."}, {"candidateid": "99", "skills": "desktop support (5 years), training (3 years), operations management (5 years), incident management (5 years), system engineer (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional information1. operating systems: windows 8, windows 7, windows server 2008, windows server 2003, windows xp 2. technologies: symantec end-point protection (sep), sep manager, sccm. 3. tools: servicenow, tanium, bigifx  soft skills  willingness to relocate and to work in shifts  flexibility and adaptability  [anand pilkhwal]", "work-experience": {"company": "hcl technologies - noida, uttar pradesh && wipro technologies pune - pune, maharashtra", "job-description": "symantec end-point protection administrator    testing of new release anti-virus definitions in test environment and deploying the same to production.  keeping the anti-virus agent (database, sepm and sep) updated to latest version.  managing sep infrastructure for the process as per defined engineering standards.  creating centralized exceptions as per the requirement in sep manager console (sepm).  modifying and editing policies in sepm as and when required.  white listing genuine detections by submitting false positives to symantec security response team  coordinating meetings with vendor symantec and client to troubleshoot security issues (high cpu usage on sepm servers, duplicate hardware id, replication failure, etc.)  configurations of live update servers and sepm servers as per customer requirements.  implementation, configuration and deployment of sep manager and sep client across varied client environment.   managing sepm servers, sep database servers and dmz servers as per engineering standards.  work on issues reported by the clients (sep client not getting updated, scan not getting completed, client to server communication, setting msl configuration, virus outbreak issues, etc.)   work on sccm (security compliance and security manager) to manage all sep application servers (database, live update, and sepm and dmz servers).  monitor alerts in sccm tool and inform respective support groups to take remedy action.  work with different support groups to remediate compliance issues (removal of unauthorized account from the server, event coverage from the servers to arc sight, etc.)  highlights  1. successfully trained new recruits in the team. 2. got the number of non-compliant machines down by high percentage. 3. got all the sla as green consistently for months. 4. received hcl jewel awards at various occasions. 5. certificate for handling task for manual machine remediation.  key responsibilities as level 2 technician    taking care of all the decks and reports related to all the escalation and level 2 across geo with the client.  dealing with various escalations on call and emails.  design, implement, support and troubleshoot vmware vsphere and cloud infrastructure   supporting customers across geo for all the it queries they face within the project scope and environment.  conducting knowledge sharing sessions and provide floor support for the front line staff.  helping individual to meet there performance expectations.  have been a part of green belt project for resolution improvement at the desk. && key responsibilities as a software engineer   end user support engineer experience and incident management in a manufacturing and banking industry.  l1 windows server administrator to gathering the information of issues on the client pc on a domain environment and resolving the issue of user access management  co-ordinating with technical teams while handling the incident management and other monthly technical activities, preparing and managing incident reports.  co-ordinating teams to collate data of kb articles, identifying the incidents to report to the problem management team.  acted as prime engineer for major customers, was involved in the related activities like attending weekly service calls and addressing customer concerns, providing rcas wherever necessary, and assuring the committed slas are met.  contribution to operations' excellence was responsible for planning the team staffing, the goal of which was to ensure staffing requirements are meted smoothly to ensure 24*7 availability of our engineers, even on critical staffing days  delivered trainings - process and technical  managed the mentorship program of new joiners  creating documentation for end users and also conducting training sessions for them.  achievements/awards/recognition certificate for providing best customer service for the year, 2012 and 2013 also for best team management. certificate for extraordinary commitment to the business in wipro technologies. received best compliments from customers, maintained scores as per the requirements while working with wipro technologies.", "job title": "specialist && software engineer", "job-duration": "october 2014 to present && june 2011 to october 2013"}, "location": "faridabad, haryana", "education": {"institute": "kamla nehru college nagpur, maharashtra && sfs college nagpur, maharashtra && tidke college && nagpur university nagpur, maharashtra", "school-duration": "2011 && 2008 && 2005 && none", "qualification": "mca in computer science && bca && hsc && mca in computer science"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "103", "skills": "concur tools (3 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationskills communication  2 years experienced in translating, interpreting and guiding with the foreign tourists i developed strong communication skills.  passport holder.  b.a (graduation) marks (chinese) (1) 54% marks in graduation in chinese language & culture. m.a (chinese) 55% marks in chinese language & culture.  technical qualification (computing)  degree in computer system, niit, india, bolpur  win 95, win 98, win-xp; win 2000; ms-office  internet; lan, niit, india, bolpur  drawing; niit, india, bolpur  visual basic 6.0, niit, india", "work-experience": {"company": "ericsson india private - bangalore, karnataka && capillary technologies - bangalore, karnataka && wipro infotech - mumbai, maharashtra && bnke solution pvt. ltd - kolkata, west bengal", "job-description": "-bangalore. (4thaugust2014-present) jd- i) supporting the ericsson internal employees through email and phone in chinese language. ii) supporting the employees in travel & expense related queries for domestic and international travel in china. iii) working on sap for clearing payment, account settlement and detail travel related invoices in concur tools, also supporting finance related queries for various employees. && bangalore- \"sales & marketing for china & singapore region\" - (sept 2012-apr 2013) && mumbai. (2012) - \"customer support for china\" trouble shooting in ms.outlook, knowledge in remote desktop, remote assistance and communication in various issues with different clients in asia pacific & other regions. (feb 2012-august 2012) && business analyst for china\". 4) experience as an india government official interpreter in china- june 2009.", "job title": "support service specialist && senior executive business development && service desk analyst && associate language expert (chinese) in kolkata, salt lake", "job-duration": "august 2014 to present && september 2012 to april 2013 && february 2012 to august 2012 && may 2011 to august 2011"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "visva bharati && visva bharati && visva bharati", "school-duration": "none && none && none", "qualification": "school certificate && b.a. in chinese language && m.a. in chinese language"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "213", "skills": "microstrategy (2 years), sas administration (1 year), change management (2 years), incident management (2 years), linux (2 years), sql (less than 1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills sas admin  bi tool  sas enterprise guide, sas grid environment(pm & lsf), sas management console, sas e-miner micro strategy 9.x(web server, desktop, architect)  etl tool basic informatica96 databases ms-sql server 2008, oracle11g programming languages operating system oracle sql pl/sql ms windows, linux itsm tool service now  domain financial banking", "work-experience": {"company": "m3bi, llc. - hyderabad", "job-description": " etl workflow execution.  monitoring the status of the running wf's.  preparing the document for etl wf execution status.  maintaining the log files of the respective issue.  environment: microstrategy 9.4.1, oracle 11g.  project #1: empxtrack (internal to m3bi) april 2014 - august 2014 this application uses sql server 2008 and microstrategy 9.4.1 to create dashboards. the main goal is to track and maintain the details of the employee and create logical data model, physical schema, grid reports and dashboard on top of that for better analysis of the data.  roles and responsibilities:  gathered the reports requirements specifications document  created logical and physical data model  created and configured the metadata for the project.  establishing the connection between data warehouse, metadata and project source.  created the schema objects, report objects as per the requirement.  created the multidimensional model for the project.  created the grid reports and did unit testing of the reports.  did sit testing of the reports.  created dashboards.  environment: microstrategy 9.4.1, sql server 2008.", "job title": "production support specialist", "job-duration": "april 2014 to present"}, "location": "hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "vignan's lara institute of technology & science guntur, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "2009 to 2013", "qualification": "b-tech in electrical & electronics"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "214", "skills": "team management (10+ years)", "additional-info": "additional informationcurrent salary 7.5 lpa", "work-experience": {"company": "hcl technologies - noida, uttar pradesh && wipro - new delhi, delhi", "job-description": " managed a team of 30 resources responsible for supporting the sd, rds and gam track.  monitoring and delivering operations as per the agreed sla per itil guidelines.  operation goals as per sow: as per score card.  controlling attrition level of team.  holding effective regular meetings with teams and client.  periodic ops review meeting.  conducting individual monthly one-on-one productivity reviews.  managing schedules and attendance.  managing all aspects of engineer's operational performance and productivity.  monitoring productivity and providing consistent and timely feedback.  managing individual and team performance to expectations.  interfacing with client counterpart managers regarding daily volume, status of the technology, coordinating training, hot issues, etc. line management:  handling employees query related to hr, finance and other support functions as a first level before escalating to respective department.  performance management of team in a fair and timely manner.  assist with training and identify training needs within the group.  ensure discipline within the team and timely conflict resolution.  motivating and encouraging team members.  co-ordinate with other functions: during ramp-up and for team related issues. && served verizon as our client. verizon is a telecom company and the biggest isi in usa to troubleshoot issues (slow internet speed, email support, modem and router issues, wi-fi network).  troubleshoot dell printers.  provide training to team members on updates coming from client.  hands on experience in handling team in absence of team leader.", "job title": "team lead- service desk, remote desktop support and global account management (adecco north america) and (kaplan) at hcl technologies limited && senior associate - operations", "job-duration": "november 2012 to present && december 2005 to november 2012"}, "location": "new delhi, delhi", "education": {"institute": "st. joseph's college darjiling, west bengal", "school-duration": "1998 to 2000", "qualification": "b.sc in biology"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "99", "skills": "excel (4 years), microsoft outlook (4 years), cornerstone (2 years), desktop support (2 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationability to take initiative, innovative and have excellent interpersonal skill. hardworking, positive attitude and fast learning capacity.  skills  can work on different operating systems - unix, windows  c++, c#, vb.net  java  asp.net  oracle  mysql  ms-access  ms-office 2003, 2007, 2010'  knowledge in active directory installation configuration and maintenance in windows server 2003, 2008 dhcp, dns   vmware troubleshooting various esxi server, virtual machine and windows server related issues performing p2v and v2v using vmware standalone converter and troubleshooting various issues related to p2v and v2v. fix esx servers connectivity issues troubleshooting various virtual center server related issues and fix any issues. and to fix lun visibility issues on esx servers and windows physical servers. adding service console, vm kernel and virtual machine port group in virtual center. performing virtual machine configuration changes. working with disk management tool like adding, extending and removing disk on physical and virtual servers. also v motion, drs and ha, v2v cloning, p2v migrations.  languages known  english, hindi, gujarati, malayalam", "work-experience": {"company": "stemmons business pvt ltd - vadodara, gujarat", "job-description": " at present working at stemmons business pvt ltd as in program specialist. (from july 2015)    all activity in active directory adding and deleting users assigning roles.  updating lync and email accounts.  provide learning management system (lms) training and support to employees.  quickly resolve technical problems that interrupt learner use and tracking  coordinate mass course enrollments and manage automatic enrollments to required courses  run system reports and develop custom reports to meet stakeholder needs  experience with camtasia and/or articulate authoring tool preferred.   experience with cornerstone lms administrative tool.  log and track all tasks using ticket tracking system.   worked as document support specialist for web mechanics from july 2014 to may 2015   under general supervision, provide timely technical support to customers on advice products through both written and verbal communications.  interact and consult with customers on network administration, software systems, and intranet/internet to support advice products.  prioritize and solve complex technical issues based on established processes and workflows, escalating as necessary.  record, track and document customer requests, updating through final resolution.  collaborate with other members of partner support to analyze and respond to customer inquiries.   i have been working in wipro as a technical fieldsupport level1 for vodafone as so on from march 2013 to june 2014    installing/configuring computer hardware operating systems/applications  monitoring and maintaining computer systems and networks  troubleshooting system/network problems and diagnosing/solving hardware or software faults  evaluating new technology   installing & troubleshooting for all type of dongles, my-fi devices ,   installing and troubleshooting of operations system windows xp, windows 7, windows 8.  installing & configuring such as vpn, dial-up, mails clients such as pop3, imap  troubleshooting both software & hardware in basic level.  all types of mobile emails configuring, blackberry mobiles configuring enterprise emails.", "job title": "program specialist", "job-duration": "july 2015 to present"}, "location": "vadodara, gujarat", "education": {"institute": "msu vadodara, gujarat", "school-duration": "may 2011 to march 2014", "qualification": "bca in computer science"}, "resume-summary": "to seek challenging assignment and responsibility, with an opportunity for growth and career advancement as successful achievements."}, {"candidateid": "215", "skills": "ccna (1 year), mcse (1 year), .net developer (less than 1 year), it support specialist (1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills:   server: mcitp ( windows server 2012)  protocols (ccna): rip, ospf, eigrp  packages: sql, oracle 11g, ccna.  operating system: mac, win 10, linux.  languages: .net, c#, mvc, web technologies, java.  exchange server: server 2007.  strengths:   excellent problem solving skills and self starter.  positive attitude and smart worker.  leadership communication skills.  tolerant and flexible to different situations.", "work-experience": {"company": "sykes international private limited - hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "job-description": "responsibilities:  maintaining user accounts and user rights assessment.  creating and managing users and groups accounts in active directory environments.  installation and configuration of servers services (domain controller, dns, dhcp, file server, backup server, print servers, and antivirus)  configuring active directory services and terminal services.  desktop support (windows deployment and support)  maintaining cisco and hp switches.  support lans, wans, network segments, internet, intranet systems.  maintain system and network security.  demonstrated expertise in configuring, installing and troubleshooting pc systems.  installing and configuring new hardware and software.  troubleshooting any reported problems.", "job title": "technical support specialist", "job-duration": "september 2014 to august 2015"}, "location": "hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "jawaharlal nehru technological university hyderabad, andhra pradesh && jawaharlal nehru technological university hyderabad, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "none && none", "qualification": "master of technology in computer science && bachelor of technology in computer science & information technology"}, "resume-summary": " a focused and result oriented professional with nearly 1 years of experience as technical support representative.   expertise in handling installation and configuration of windows 2008 server.   dexterous in managing active directory forest and domain controller migration.   proficiency in managing and administrating user accounts, assigning group policies and permissions to share folder and disk quota."}, {"candidateid": "216", "skills": "system administration (3 years), hardware (3 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills  hardware: systems troubleshoot & identify problems, installation of windows o/s & applications, drivers, troubleshooting printer.  networking: file sharing, crimping, punching, printer sharing.  server 2003/ [] installing & configuring, monitoring & troubleshooting of active directory, dns, dhcp, iis, wds, ftp policies, creating and data backup & recovery, (system state backup & restore, dns, dhcp and gpo's backup) declaration  i do here by declare that the above information given by me is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. if you consider my case favorably i'm willing to work hard and make myself useful to your firm.  place: sullurpeta,  date: (c.v.siva kumar)", "work-experience": {"company": "cubic logics india (p) ltd, bangalore - bangalore, karnataka && niit ltd (space central school) sdsc shar - nellore, andhra pradesh && chadalawada venkata subbaiah college - tirupati, andhra pradesh && gokula krishna college - nellore, andhra pradesh", "job-description": " created user accounts, modified and deleted according to the environment using user administration in active directory.  experience on microsoft outlook, outlook express configuration, backup, troubleshooting  experience with deployments, maintenance and troubleshooting applications on microsoft cloud infrastructure azure.  installing windows roles, features and deploying applications using powershell scripting.  created virtual machines for test environment using hyper-v in win 2012r2.  taking backup of vm machines using veeam applications.  provided the remote support & net meting support using following software team viewer, vnc server, ammyy remote software, remote desktop &&  installation and configuration of iis and ftp in windows server 2008, 2008r2  created an interactive website (url:www.sdsc.shar.gov.in/school/main.html)  install new software releases, system upgrades, evaluate and install patches and resolve software related problems  remote administration of servers with pc anywhere software  provide training on programming and system side for students  managing & remote administration, user rights, accounts, policies, group policies and network resources.  installation and configuration of niit content software in windows server and clients &&  assembling, disassembling & troubleshooting of computer hardware devices  configuring systems both in workgroup and domain environment.  trouble shooting, which includes network related problems, and problems with internet connectivity.  performing backup and restore with symantec ghost.   configuration of printers, scanners through remotely.  installation & configuration of switch, modem.  installing and updating all office applications, service packs and antivirus programs &&  conducting of university online internal examinations (jntu) in linux (fedora core) environment.  responsible of maintaining network with a size of around 70 clients.  administrating and performing backup and restorations including active directory authoritative and non-authoritative restorations.   supporting of computer hardware & networking.  installation & troubleshooting of client operating system.  configuration of printer & other hardware devices  data and database backup and recovery.", "job title": "technical specialist && technical specialist && system administrator && programmer", "job-duration": "august 2016 to present && october 2011 to august 2016 && july 2010 to september 2011 && september 2006 to june 2010"}, "location": "nellore, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "university of madras chennai, tamil nadu && sri vssc govt degree college nellore, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "april 2001 to april 2004 && april 1998 to april 2001", "qualification": "master of computer applications in computer applications && b.sc(computer science) in computer science"}, "resume-summary": " well-versed with installation, configuration & administration of microsoft windows  [] servers.  installation, configuration and administration of terminal services and remote desktops.  installation, configuration and administration of ms exchange server []  extensive knowledge in installing and configuring hyper-v virtual machines.  extensive knowledge on installing and configuring ssl certificates in web servers and  enabled secured (https) transactions.  extensive knowledge in ms outlook configuration, outlook backup & restore and troubleshooting.  designing of network cabling and installing switch & hub."}, {"candidateid": "217", "skills": "gis specialist (1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationname- deepak thakur add- tantigeria nepalipara, midnapore, post- midnapore, dist- paschim medinipur, p.s. - kotwali, pin- 721101, state- west bengal.  education qualification:- m.sc in remote sensing & gis.  software works:- good knowledge in computer application including good command on gis & remote sensing software. application software: - ms office (ms word, excel, power point), ms-access 2007. auto cad. software: - erdas imagine,smallworld, pci geomatica, envi. . gis software:-arcgis, map info, q- gis.", "work-experience": {"company": "last peak data pvt.ltd - kolkata, west bengal", "job-description": "working location (client side): recpdcl & tata power delhi distribution limited office, kadamba substation, goa. project:-  implementation of geographical information system (gis) at goa electricity department.  nature of work:- re-sampling and ortho-rectification of satellite imagery. geo-referencing of satellite imagery with gcp. creation, updation of oh & ug electrical network up to consumer of ged in gis environment. creation, modification of data of different vector layers. data collection, interpretation, and report writing for data submitted by vendors. learned and utilized the methodology of r-apdrp project. provided analytical and logistical support to client. quality checking of datasets. land base preparation and quality checking. updation of ged consumer details in gis environment.. platform:- arc-gis desktop (v-10.1;10.2.1). erdas imagine (v-9.0;10.0).  smallworld (v- 4.3.4). microsoft office etc. instrument skill  global positioning system/gps.  plane table survey.  theodolite.  prismatic compass.  dumpy level.  category- general  language known - hindi, bengali, english", "job title": "gis specialist", "job-duration": "august 2015 to present"}, "location": "medinipur, west bengal", "education": {"institute": "vidyasagar university midnapore dist, west bengal", "school-duration": "july 2013 to july 2015", "qualification": "m.sc in remote sensing & gis"}, "resume-summary": "deepak thakur"}, {"candidateid": "114", "skills": "windows 7, windows 10, office365 (8 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "here india solutions pvt. ltd - airoli, maharashtra && vendor management - mumbai, maharashtra && ugam solutions pvt. ltd && ugam solutions pvt. ltd - thane, maharashtra && beltronics consultancy && beltronics consultancy - goregaon, maharashtra && alphabetics computer service pvt. ltd && none", "job-description": "job responsibilities:  responsible for providing second-level and third-level end-user technical support including advanced software installation, documentation and special projects as part of the technical support team.  completing assigned hardware related installation and problem tickets and documents ticket status and resolutions.  completing assigned software related installation and problem tickets and documents ticket status and resolutions.  documentation for end-user, installation and other technical procedures.  participating in research, testing of new technologies or issues and other special projects.  assisting in technical training of staff.  incident management: reviewing remedy tickets workflow of l1 and l2 technicians and resolution within define sla.  vendor management, procurement per business requirement inline with budgetary amount.  technical skill:  installation and troubleshooting of wintel systems.  troubleshooting on in-house applications.  office365, skype for business installation and troubleshooting  hardware troubleshooting for dell systems i.e. laptop and workstations, konica printers,  epson, dell, view sonic, nec projectors (lan) installations and troubleshooting. && 2. perkins eastman design consultant pvt. ltd. january 2013 to may 2016 job responsibilities:  single point of contact and overall it support to the mumbai (india) office location (overseeing consultants in dubai and shanghai as well), while collaborating with support, systems, applications and network specialists throughout the firm on technology project design and implementation.  committed to enforcing all it policies, including helpdesk procedures.  responsible to respond quickly to emergency support situations.   troubleshooting of microsoft office 365 outlook  excellent problem solving skills including use of remote management systems.  vendor management in terms of isp, epabx, pri phone, printer amc, dell, lenovo, hp desktop and laptop  standard configuration of mobile device and travelling laptop  seating rearrangement, new hire setup, network account/security management.  server backup and patch management.  accomplishment:  migration of old printers with new xerox work center in economic cost and best valuable service.  successfully implementation of windows 7 image build project to all locations (mumbai, dubai and shanghai) before deadline  smoothly organized the project planning and implementation of it infrastructure setup for mumbai office relocation  active participation in other office activities (helping to the staff for non-it work in their design competitions)  technical skill:  server/workstation installation and troubleshooting (windows server 2012/r2, windows 7/8)  active directory user/group creation/deletion, cleanup of inactive objects, group policy implementation  virtual technology (vmware)  mobile technology (smartphones, laptops, tablet/ipad, etc.)  telephony (desktop & conference room analog, digital, voip systems and solutions)  collaboration tools (file exchange/sharing, dfs etc.)  business applications (ms office, adobe creative suite, etc.)  aec applications (autocad, revit, 3ds max, rhino, sketchup, newforma-data transmission tool, adobe cc packs etc.)  microsoft office 2010 & office 365 end user installation and troubleshooting  canon & xerox business printer troubleshooting  wireless printer & projectors troubleshooting & support  troubleshooting of branded hp, dell, lenovo desktop, notebooks, tablet book. hp, dell servers  setup and configuration of webex user account, meeting setup and technical support for conference meeting. && job responsibilities:  managing service desk & desktop supports team (15 members) across 3 locations through remote support.  maintaining license inventory of various types of application & hardware. (asset mgmt.)  service desk monitoring & special attendance on escalation calls / reports, maintaining it service as per the company's business policies. (iso standard)  vendor management i.e. hardware warranty, purchase of new h/w & s/w.  managing engineer's shift schedule, recruitment.  responsibility to handle sr. mgmt. & critical operational dept. service calls.  managing network & data security process,  monitoring daily checklist of printers, video conference & projectors.  accomplishment:  achieved internal team award for new dell desktop deployment for all desired users.  active participation of project planning and implementation of it infrastructure setup for mahalaxmi office movement to thane.  great team player role for pre audit of iso certificate renew program.  technical skill:  windows xp and windows 7 desktop operating systems, ms office 2007 & 2010  win 2003 & 2008 server installation & exchange server and active directory in an enterprise environment user and group creation  experience supporting remote, home and users.  basic knowledge of cisco telecoms platform.  polycom audio conferencing applications with experience setting up and troubleshooting. audio/video calls and presentations  installation & troubleshooting of business applications (client recommended spss, client vpn)  maintain license application records sheet.  installation & troubleshooting of branded desktops, laptops, printers, scanner hp, dell, ibm  configuration & troubleshooting of trend micro officescan servers, clients. scanning of virus infected machines & there reports, policies & scan methods.  managing internet access & monitoring user's usage, web-content service. (cyberoam)  support us & other international users through remote desktop tools (goverlan)  handling the user access management: user creation, modification & deactivation, email id creation on exchange server. bes admin, iphone, android active sync, email group, user permission, configuration of some group policies.  managing usb, external storage device access control server. && goregaon. managed role of it site incharge for desktop and network support, lead the 3 level 1 engineers. && 5. alphabetics computer service pvt. ltd. july 2004 - april 2005. worked as a customer support engineer, handled desktop level 1 tickets also worked on netbackup for file server, exchange server etc.  highlighted key skills: team management:  positively leading the team to support the global it operations by performing day to day monitoring & operation of business systems +1500 nationwide nodes, liaising with local service line & assisting with problem diagnosis and resolution.  assigning kra, monitoring overall performance, mentoring/sharing new trick and technology within team. engineer shift schedule, appraisal, escalations and capacity to handle 15-20 size of level 1 and level 2 engineers.  it service management:  providing metric reports to upper management regarding helpdesk stats. maintaining the documentation /procedure to fix known error.  deliver it services management (itsm) solutions based on itil best practices that focused on the people, process, and technology, and information perspectives of providing business solutions within the it infrastructure. this includes all aspects of itil best practices and methods from design, planning, implementation, and support.  communicate within internal and external team and sending alerts and announcements in case of major it failure, important notifications or any maintenance activities with proper etr.  centralizing it asset inventory, asset tagging, updating availability and capacity catalog. iso procedure:  adhering the security policies as per ismf, participating in dr test, bcp within organization.  analyzing and reporting the illegal activities, data security issues, virus infection issues working closely and covertly with iso team.  following up the approval metrics as per given by ismf in terms of new software, 3rd party application, right and permission as per the business requirement and analyzing the risk factor and provide some alternate solution with the authority of iso.  vendor management:  improved vendor management skill in terms of new hardware/software procurement, licensing, upgradation of maintenance service/ contract, isp, pri related issues, invoice negotiation to match the economic price as per it budget.  coordination with dell, hp, lenovo vendor for hardware failure issue, following up with them for solution and parts replacement against system warranty.  it audit and finance budget:  reviewing all it records with cmdb and reports, if needed doing physical checkup.  liquidation of outdated systems.  adherence of security policy and data loss prevention task to successfully complete the iso certification and it compliance audit.  collecting the information from customers and finalizing the data for the budget of new requirement with the confirmation of higher authority.  date abhijit sudhakar kulkarni. (signature) && none && none && none", "job title": "technical support specialist && perkins eastman architect && single point of contact and overall it support to the mumbai && sr. desktop administrator && asset mgmt && sr. f.m. engineer && senior facility management engineer && customer support engineer", "job-duration": "august 2016 to january 2017 && january 2013 to may 2016 && january 2013 to may 2016 && december 2008 to december 2012 && december 2008 to december 2012 && may 2005 to november 2008 && may 2005 to november 2008 && july 2004 to april 2005"}, "location": "navghar, maharashtra, 401105, in", "education": {"institute": "tv sd akademie gmbh", "school-duration": "2012", "qualification": "certification in foundation"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "217", "skills": "technical support (6 years), team management (4 years), customer service (6 years), recruitment (3 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationexpertise:   hands on and in-depth conceptual knowledge of microsoft windows 2000, xp/vista/windows7/windows8 and windows 8.1.  handling escalation's of various software issues, operating system issues etc.  conceptual knowledge about networks/networking.  working knowledge in microsoft outlook 2003, 2007, 2010, 2013 and outlook express.  team management in technical support.  troubleshooting issues with printers, scanners, internet, blue/black screen or be it any software technical issue with laptop/desktop or peripheral's attached.  handy with routers/modems/blue screen black screen issues with desktops/laptops and printer issues.", "work-experience": {"company": "iyogi technical services && none && none && none", "job-description": "- handling a team of 25 support staff personnel. - monitoring the cases to maintain work ethics, service quality, fcr and other quality parameters. - getting solutions from the support staff to the customers for blue/black screen, slow performance of laptops/desktops, printer's issues with network, routers, internet or any laptop/desktop or network issues. - coaching the team to keep my guys motivated.  all in all handling or supervising the technical support for the international customers through remote support and to the indian clients through remote and on-site support too when needed. && - monitoring the cases to maintain work ethics, service quality, fcr and other quality parameters. - coaching the team in regards to the technical issues/solutions. - troubleshooting escalated issues with printers, scanners, internet, blue/black screen or be it any software technical issue with laptop/desktop or peripheral's attached. - data backups, back restorations. - looking into customer retention and customer service too.  looking into escalations for any technical issue stuck in regards to any software, os, device, internet etc. && - troubleshooting issues with printers, scanners, internet, blue/black screen or be it any software technical issue with laptop/desktop or peripheral's attached. - monitoring the cases being worked upon by the support staff. - taking the escalations for any issues consuming more time. - making sure that the case/issues resolved to clients satisfactions by interacting with client via email/phone. && - troubleshooting desktops/ laptops and peripheral's with software/ driver issues over the phone and remote access. - handling no internet issues. - blue/black screen issues.  responsible for providing technical solutions to the customer in a timely manner.  brainbyte techno solutions pvt. ltd.", "job title": "team leader (technical support) && sr. technical support officer && technical support officer && technical specialist", "job-duration": "march 2014 to present && february 2012 to march 2014 && january 2011 to february 2012 && march 2010 to november 2010"}, "location": "ghaziabad, uttar pradesh", "education": {"institute": "punjab technical university", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "b.tech in electronics and communications"}, "resume-summary": " good technical knowledge when it comes to desktop/laptop/internet troubleshooting.  excellent team management skills for technical support and customer service.  maintaining aht, fcr other quality parameters for the support team and working with the team to provide top notch solutions to the customers.  troubleshooting issues with printers, scanners, internet, blue/black screen or be it any software technical issue with laptop/desktop or peripheral's attached."}, {"candidateid": "218", "skills": "desktop support, networking, windows troubleshooting, (3 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationskills  operating systems: unix/linux, microsoft windows xp, 7, 8, 8.1, 10 (including insider builds)  programing languages: c language, java (jdk 1.5.0, 1.6.0), html (ver 2.0, 3.0, 4.0), css 2.0, javascript  databases: oracle 10g express edition  packages: ms office  cloud: onedrive", "work-experience": {"company": "microsoft - bangalore, karnataka && hinduja global solution - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": "bangalore.  built and provided basic and advanced end-user troubleshooting and high end technical desktop support on windows and mac systems.  dealing with download, installation, activation and all technical issues on windows 10, 8.1 and 7 versions.  tested and supported all windows 10 insider preview builds. provided base level it support to non-technical personnel within the business.  engaged users and answered 7249 threads on microsoft community forums website. proficiency in chat support as well.  resolved issues in a clear, courteous and straightforward manner. identified and solved technical issues with a variety of diagnostic tools.  followed up with clients to ensure optimal customer satisfaction.  remained up-to-date on the latest technologies and solutions applicable to microsoft products.  researched, troubleshot and resolved complex problems independently.  abilities in handling multiple priorities, with a bias for action and genuine interest in personal and professional development. && bangalore.   online e-mail support to the customers using individually drafted templates and with help of various applications.  answered telephone calls promptly and minimised delays that could lead to abandoned calls.  maintained and updated customer service database. used ticketing systems to manage and process actions taken.  worked closely with team members to meet or exceed all customer service requirements.  managed customers' expectations and experience to a high degree of customer satisfaction.  documenting any major problem customers are facing with the products in large numbers & reporting it to the concerned department  managing the team target as well as individual target of team members. represent the team in meetings and conference calls with clusters.  ensuring team bonding and team interaction as to avoid attrition happening on the grounds of dissatisfaction in the team.  document all calls with regards to participant inquires accurately using call tracking system.  maintained prescribed tat and productivity of the team to ensure smooth processing of documents.", "job title": "technical support engineer && service specialist and process trainer", "job-duration": "june 2015 to january 2017 && november 2013 to may 2015"}, "location": "anantapur, andhra pradesh", "education": {"institute": "jntua university anantapur, andhra pradesh && p r reddy junior college anantapur, andhra pradesh && good children esmart school anantapur, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "2013 && 2009 && 2007", "qualification": "btech in alits institute && none && none"}, "resume-summary": " technically sophisticated professional with 3 year of experience in the area of customer and technical support.   currently associated with microsoft as technical support engineeer.   trained and certified on microsoft products by microsoft. holding 25 certificates on windows, outlook, and other from microsoft.   proficient in handling technical issues and solving them in smart way.   deft at mapping the requirement and troubleshooting for complex problems   adroit in providing effective resolution to customer queries related to product and improving relationships with the customer by anticipating customer future requirements, thereby ensuring a positive customer experience.   excellent communication & interpersonal skills with abilities in resolving complex issues.   enlightening the customer with the unique features and benefits of products/services rendered"}, {"candidateid": "219", "skills": "time mangemnet, patience,handling clients,weekly or monthly meeting with technical knowledge for process improvment,customer service in good manner,interpersonal communication, problem solving ebility, creative thinking.effective listening, multi tasking team work (3 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationcomputer skills:  hardware (a+), networking (n+) microsoft certified system administrator (mcsa) 2003 server establishing and supporting remote desktop sessions optimizing the disk usage taking back up and restoring the data's configuring terminal services and remote desktop connection configuring the dhcp and dns auditing. microsoft certified technical specialist (mcts) 2008 server creating the new users enabling quota & encrypting file management setting permissions for the folders installing active directory & dhcp enabling bit locker drive encryption configuring rodc (read only domain controller) troubleshooting the os cisco certified network associate (ccna) configuring the router static and dynamic routing virtual local area network with switch and access list configuration subnetting the ip address.  personal skills:  comprehensive problem solving abilities, ability to deal with people, willingness to learn and work in-group, self-motivated, can learn process in a short span of time.  my strength: hardworking & patience", "work-experience": {"company": "wipro infotech limited - mysore, karnataka", "job-description": "wipro infotech (3-6month years)  maintaining various types of desktops, laptops, printers etc.  troubleshooting day to day user problems.  giving anti virus solutions, hardware and os maintenance for customers.  configuring and troubleshooting mail clients such as ms-outlook, outlook express for users.  troubleshooting lan problems and vendor management.  having good knowledge in installation of new systems and peripherals.  configuration the terminal services.  having experience of troubleshooting in lan networks and server problems.  provided functional and technical support, troubleshooting and diagnosing hardware and software problems, including desktop, laptop, lan, and remote systems.  projects in wipro  sbi life insurance (installation of various software's and application)  icici bank (remote support)  bhel (remote support)  asian paints (remote support)  linux academy center ( 2year -6 months) (system adminstrator) 1: assembling and disassembling the computers 2: installation of various software's and application software's 3: managing staff members and office maintainces 4: installing various peripherals and troubleshooting. 5: knowledge of lan segment 6: securing the network with latest anti-viruses with live updates 7: connecting the printers 8: troubleshooting the hardware components  on site process experience assisting in handover of the subjected area and facilitating it to the maximum level of productivity. handling client visits to the company with positive directions on the view of the company reputation. weekly meeting with the team members for any feedbacks and steps to be followed in and out of our working environment. weekly and monthly meetings with technical knowledge, process improvement active participation with the associate in company audit on areas referred by concerned managers and submit a consolidated report on it. attend company conference meetings at the request of the company. providing effective inputs to team members on an going basis which helped to improve their productivity.  ambition successfully venture into a company through constant hard worker and learning in the process of emerging as a capable professional.", "job title": "hardware & networking engineer,remote support, configuring printers", "job-duration": "2010 to february 2013"}, "location": "mysore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "cauvery college, gonikoppal mangalore university gonikoppal, karnataka, in && cauvery college gonikoppal, karnataka, in && high school ponnampet, karnataka", "school-duration": "none && none && none", "qualification": "b.com && sslc && none"}, "resume-summary": "to work in a competitive environment and seeking a good opportunity to achieve my skill and to be actively involved and responsible for the organization goals."}, {"candidateid": "110", "skills": "personal qualities - ready to take initiative and responsibility of work related to self as well as team. analytical bent of mind with a desire for in-depth knowledge. excellent communication skills for building effective client relationships. self-motivated & ability to motivate others.", "additional-info": "additional informationcomputer knowledge : operational knowledge of ms office (word, excel, making of ppt in (power point) and outlook ( expert in configuring email in client mail like outlook, mac mail, windows live mail etc), tally-7.2 and desktop publishing and internet.  educational qualifications : graduation in commerce from smt. c.h.m. college of arts, science, commerce and management (mumbai university).  hsc from jai hind junior college.  ssc from jai hind high school & junior college.   personal details:   name : shashi punjabi.  date of birth : 06th february 1989.   nationality : indian.  marital status : married.   strength : self motivated and ability to learn on own initiative.  hobbies : exercise.  language known : english, hindi & marathi.", "work-experience": {"company": "shivaami cloud services pvt ltd - mumbai, maharashtra && tata teleservice limited - mumbai, maharashtra && sutherland global services - mumbai, maharashtra && intelenet global pvt. ltd sep 2010- june 2011 - mumbai, maharashtra", "job-description": "working as a technical support engineer for customer success services (css) april 2016-till date  google certified for csm (customer success manager) and deployment specialist.  major responsibilities:   analyzing and preparing security assessment and adoption report of g suite (google apps) services. conducting security meeting and providing security training if its required. providing admin and user level training of g suite services on client's location or through google hangout (online). providing technical support for g suite service and how to install applications. scheduling an appointment for an installation of google devices i.e. chrome box for meeting and chrome bit. taking demo's of g suite services for new customers. providing demo and training of the other cloud products which integrates with g suite service for backup (spanning) and archiving solution (google vault). preparing documents of all the g suite products and maintaining records of all the meetings and training. researching on new apps/updates of g suite services and how to implement on it. && company profile: tata teleservices limited spearheads the tata groups presence in the telecom sector. the group's objective is to provide end-to-end telecommunications solutions for business and residential customers across the nation and internationally.  major responsibilities:  providing technical support at l1 level for vas, application & mailing service. maintaining the daily, weekly and monthly mis report with the performance presentation and workflow. this report is shared with the top level of management which is required for further improvement, process change and implementations in business strategy and structure. handling escalations for domain name, web hosting, anti-virus (pcs), olb (online backup), mailing solution (outlook configuration, thunder bird, windows live etc).  handling technical complaints taking end to end follow up with backend team, region team & vendor for resolution of customer issue with the sla.  handling mails which we are receiving from different work groups to resolve the technical difficulties faced by clients while using the value added services. working on diims tool, where we are receiving the orders for google apps services from our sales region team. our role is to verify all the details and provide the approval to process the orders for provisioning the services. maintaining data of vsnl ids which was suspended for spamming and co-ordinate with region team to reactivate it. also maintaining the data of activated vsnl id which was suspended for spamming.. maintaining the data of wrong sr created by cc team in content & messaging bucket and put sr in to the wrong tracker in order to meet proper sla of team. && company profile: sutherland global services is a global provider of business process and technology management services offering an integrated portfolio of analytics-driven back-office and customer facing solutions that support the entire customer lifecycle.  major responsibilities:   my profile was to troubleshoot and provide customer service to the members of the giant at&t via chat cum outbound call process. at&t is the leader in telecom, internet services and digital tv services. we do live chat with the members and provide them proper solution and assistance to any of their concerns. troubleshooting on the customer's services like tv, internet and phone. resolve the customers queries on the first call (ftr). we have to maintain net sat (customers satisfaction survey), aht (average handling time), crr (customer repeat rate). responsible for handling the whole chat in a perfect manner and get customers satisfaction. also conducts training for the new associates about the process and monitoring the chats of the new associates as well as providing feedback. && company profile: it is a third-party business process outsourcing (bpo) & contact center provider headquartered in mumbai. intelenet's management team has been with the organization since inception.  major responsibilities:  to comprehend and indicate the consumers dispute through mail and online investigation for equifax credit information services. promoted to maintenance department after maintaining the excellent quality as well as productivity scores in regular department.  responsible for maintaining very good coordination with consumers by resolving their disputes preparation of budget. to update consumers identification information and to delete or suppress the inaccurate information as per the federal trade commissions guidelines. to send the account related disputes to their respective creditors for further investigation. responsible for sending annual free and paid credit files to consumers, guardian or authorized person. to meet the slas as per client requirement.", "job title": "technical support engineer && worked as senior technical support for sme applications and support (cso) && worked as senior technical support && worked as customer service associate (back office executive)", "job-duration": "april 2016 to present && october 2013 to april 2016 && january 2013 to september 2014 && september 2010 to june 2011"}, "location": "ahmedabad, gujarat", "education": {"institute": "jai hind school ulhasnagar, maharashtra", "school-duration": "june 2009 to may 2010", "qualification": "bcom in commerce"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "219", "skills": "networking (3 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationvoip network skills: deploying, installation, upgrading: cisco unified communication manager [] deployment model, publisher & subscribe relationship, administration and managing user account, endpoint, integration of cisco unity connection , cisco ip phones 7940, 7960, 7961, 7965, 7970 series, cisco ip communicators and configuring voice gateways and trunks like mgcp, h.323, sip, fxo etc. configuring unified communication server: basic model: ntp (network time protocol), dhcp, tftp, regions, location, device pools, service parameter, enterprise parameter. call routing component: route group, route list, route pattern, hunt group, hunt list, hunt pilot, digit manipulation and translation pattern, local route group. clustering feature: attendant console, extension mobility, bat (bulk administrator tools), cdr (call detail records), phone button template, soft key template, device default, device profile, and meet-me conferencing. media resources: annunciator, conference bridge, media termination point, transcoder, music on hold server. mobility features: extension mobility within cluster and snr user feature: call park, directed call park, call pickup, group call pickup, other group call pickup, call back, dnd, privacy. monitoring resources: rtmt (real time monitoring tools), alarm, trace and syslog configuration, dialed number analyzer, unified serviceability, backup and restore with disaster recovery system. cisco unified applications skills: integration of cucm and cuc (sccp and sip): configuration of voice mail port wizard, assign voice mail directory number, configuration of voice mail pilot hunt list, line group, mwi, voice mail profile, add voice mail port to line group.  configuration of call management: call routing, directed call routing, and forwarded call routing, transfer rules, caller input. configuration of call handlers, system calls handlers and directory call handlers. configuration of schedules (standard hours, closed hours, after business hours, weekdays on tod basis) ios ip telephony skills: signaling and codec: sccp, rtp, rtcp, h.323 (h.225, h.245, ras), mgcp, sip, configuration of analog (fxs, fxo) and digital interface (t1, e1), isdn/pri) codecs: g.711, g.726, g.728, g.729. cisco catalyst switches: configuration: vlan (802.1q), voice vlan (802.1p), cisco poe and ieee standard 802.3af. vtp, stp. configuration gateway and troubleshooting: dial-peers, srst, and dial plan consideration. cucme with dial plan support, call forwarding, call transfer.  training:   itil v3 foundation.  ccna voice professional experience:   company: hcl technologies  iomc (jun 2012 till date)  designation: senior specialist  job responsibilities:  configuring and troubleshooting day to day issues in ip telephony network.  provisioning for (isdn t1/pri ,analog phone/fax lines and toll free )  reporting trouble for t1/pri, fxo, fxs and toll free numbers.  handling itsp escalation.  managing voice gateways (mgcp, h.323,) sip and gatekeeper trunks.  handling issues related to mobility features like em and snr and click to call.  handling issues related unity connection: call routing, call handlers, caller input, call forwarding, and voice mail account creation.  cisco monitoring tool (managing alerts created for ip telephony network).  worked on p1 and p2 incident created in remedy.  upgrade moh file for multicast moh in network.  perform changes opened in order to resolve day to day issues.  prepare sop document for team.  provide floor support to team.  sending the health check of cucm, vgw, cuc on daily basis.  preparing weekly and monthly reports and presenting to the client basis of the parameters on the team performance and the daily analysis of the issues being handled and resolved.  join bridge to resolve p1 and p2 cases.  work with tac for rca and support problem management team.  work with service provider to get rca on chronic issues.  sending daily, weekly and monthly reports for senior management and process updates and notifications to technical team as and when required.", "work-experience": {"company": "hcl technologies && ibm daksh business process services && dell international services india pvt ltd - gurgaon, haryana && auxicogent bpo solutions pvt limited - gurgaon, haryana && wipro bpo solutions - new delhi, delhi", "job-description": "voip network skills: deploying, installation, upgrading: cisco unified communication manager 7/8/9/10.x: deployment model, publisher & subscribe relationship, administration and managing user account, endpoint, integration of cisco unity connection , cisco ip phones 7940, 7960, 7961, 7965, 7970 series, cisco ip communicators and configuring voice gateways and trunks like mgcp, h.323, sip, fxo etc. configuring unified communication server: basic model: ntp (network time protocol), dhcp, tftp, regions, location, device pools, service parameter, enterprise parameter. call routing component: route group, route list, route pattern, hunt group, hunt list, hunt pilot, digit manipulation and translation pattern, local route group. clustering feature: attendant console, extension mobility, bat (bulk administrator tools), cdr (call detail records), phone button template, soft key template, device default, device profile, and meet-me conferencing. media resources: annunciator, conference bridge, media termination point, transcoder, music on hold server. mobility features: extension mobility within cluster and snr user feature: call park, directed call park, call pickup, group call pickup, other group call pickup, call back, dnd, privacy. monitoring resources: rtmt (real time monitoring tools), alarm, trace and syslog configuration, dialed number analyzer, unified serviceability, backup and restore with disaster recovery system. cisco unified applications skills: integration of cucm and cuc (sccp and sip): configuration of voice mail port wizard, assign voice mail directory number, configuration of voice mail pilot hunt list, line group, mwi, voice mail profile, add voice mail port to line group.  configuration of call management: call routing, directed call routing, and forwarded call routing, transfer rules, caller input. configuration of call handlers, system calls handlers and directory call handlers. configuration of schedules (standard hours, closed hours, after business hours, weekdays on tod basis) ios ip telephony skills: signaling and codec: sccp, rtp, rtcp, h.323 (h.225, h.245, ras), mgcp, sip, configuration of analog (fxs, fxo) and digital interface (t1, e1), isdn/pri) codecs: g.711, g.726, g.728, g.729. cisco catalyst switches: configuration: vlan (802.1q), voice vlan (802.1p), cisco poe and ieee standard 802.3af. vtp, stp. configuration gateway and troubleshooting: dial-peers, srst, and dial plan consideration. cucme with dial plan support, call forwarding, call transfer.  training:   itil v3 foundation.  ccna voice professional experience:   company: hcl technologies  iomc (jun 2012 till date)  designation: senior specialist  job responsibilities:  configuring and troubleshooting day to day issues in ip telephony network.  provisioning for (isdn t1/pri ,analog phone/fax lines and toll free )  reporting trouble for t1/pri, fxo, fxs and toll free numbers.  handling itsp escalation.  managing voice gateways (mgcp, h.323,) sip and gatekeeper trunks.  handling issues related to mobility features like em and snr and click to call.  handling issues related unity connection: call routing, call handlers, caller input, call forwarding, and voice mail account creation.  cisco monitoring tool (managing alerts created for ip telephony network).  worked on p1 and p2 incident created in remedy.  upgrade moh file for multicast moh in network.  perform changes opened in order to resolve day to day issues.  prepare sop document for team.  provide floor support to team.  sending the health check of cucm, vgw, cuc on daily basis.  preparing weekly and monthly reports and presenting to the client basis of the parameters on the team performance and the daily analysis of the issues being handled and resolved.  join bridge to resolve p1 and p2 cases.  work with tac for rca and support problem management team.  work with service provider to get rca on chronic issues.  sending daily, weekly and monthly reports for senior management and process updates and notifications to technical team as and when required.  providing data for audit purposes and ensuring process adherence.   provide 2nd level diagnosis of incidents and service requests and implement solutions.  prompt escalation of incidents to 3rd level support.  access knowledgebase and faq resources on the internet to aid in problem resolution and update knowledge base with new identified fixes.  to ensure the ongoing operational efficiency of all aspects of the firms it systems.  work on vmware sessions so as to check users virtual sessions performance.  to assist and encourage the development of other members of the it team in terms of technical skills transfer.  providing training to tier 1 / tier 2 service desk on process knowledge. && client: iyogi technical services)  tasks performed:  ability to assess faults, prioritise, respond and escalate accordingly working in co-ordination with the operations team working on the routers.  calls and video monitoring for instant coaching and feedback on performance of the agents for their development.  capable of multi-tasking, good time management and prioritisation of workload.  orientation of new team members  information dissemination- products and services related during daily post and pre shift briefings.  calibrating with trainers and operations' supervisors for call audits, so that they are aware of the auditing matrix and everyone's aware of the changes happening on the floor.  ensuring ibm policies and procedures are administered honestly, consistently and with sound judgment.  working with operation manager and operation supervisor to provide floor support/coaching to meet the clients deliverables i.e. quality, customer satisfaction and performance objectives.  initiatives taken in ibm:  driven sales and c sat by heat check before call closure.  fcr analysis on cases.  initiated compliance audits.  started team performance weekly snapshot. && gurgaon (aug 2008 - oct 2011)  designation: client technical support associate (dell - consumer segment)  tasks performed:  diagnose and resolve technical issues in the delivery of consistent superior customer experiences.  maintain complete and current support history of customer hardware, using dell's management tools and business applications.  maintain problem resolution information in dell's solution tool.  attend work on a staggered shift basis, in accordance with the needs of the business.  maintain skill set and understanding of dell's product range and services (in addition to third party products & services) and peripherals.  provide problem resolution support for peers and technical associates.  provide technical support for dell products(desktops, portables, printers, wireless)  provide remote support in troubleshooting for the technical issues. && now known as - john keels bpo pvt ltd.)  designation: associate (client: viacom it helpdesk) tasks performed:  resolving the problems of the corporate professionals.  raising tickets and closing them within the required sla.  troubleshooting networking & hardware related issues.  assisting the quality of service being provided to the client.  provide problem resolution for in-house technical problems.  generating active directory id requests for the professionals of viacom.  work in co-ordination with the viacom (mtv, vh1) employees in resolving their technical requests.  analyze the alerts, create tickets, interact with customers and resolve it issues && client: dell) tasks performed:  diagnose and resolve technical issues in the delivery of consistent superior customer experiences.  maintain complete and current support history of customer hardware, using dell's management tools and business applications.  maintain problem resolution information in dell's solution tool.  attend work on a staggered shift basis, in accordance with the needs of the business.  maintain skill set and understanding of dell's product range and services (in addition to third party products & services) and peripherals.  provide problem resolution support for peers and technical associates.  provide technical support for dell products(desktops, portables, printers, wireless)  provide remote support in troubleshooting for the technical issues.", "job title": "senior specialist && lead quality analyst && client technical support associate (dell - consumer segment) && associate && technical support associate", "job-duration": "june 2012 to present && october 2011 to march 2012 && august 2008 to october 2011 && november 2007 to august 2008 && september 2006 to march 2007"}, "location": "ghaziabad, uttar pradesh", "education": {"institute": "sikkim manipal university new delhi, delhi", "school-duration": "2011", "qualification": "bachelor of science in information technology"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "220", "skills": "hardware, networking, mcitp", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "concentrix - bangalore, karnataka", "job-description": " working as senior technical support associate in concentrix for lenovo from march 2016 to till date.   worked as technical support associate in minacs for lenovo from 16th sep 2013 to march 2016.  working as a hardware engineer at onix computers services in bhilai (c.g.) 2008-2011  technical skills:  operating systems: windows xp, vista, win7, server (2003, 2008)  technical: house wiring, and repairing regarding any electrical appliances.", "job title": "senior technical support associate", "job-duration": "september 2013 to present"}, "location": "bangalore, karnataka", "education": {"institute": "thandra paparaya polytechnic bobbili, andhra pradesh && swathi vasanthi itc visakhapatnam, andhra pradesh && kumars public school visakhapatnam, andhra pradesh", "school-duration": "2006 to 2007 && 2002 to 2004 && 1998 to 1999", "qualification": "electrical appliances && iti in ecectrical && ssc in maths"}, "resume-summary": " professional in hardware and networking with 4 years of experience.  knowledge in hardware troubleshoot.  knowledge in desktop and laptop.  knowledge in handling server and client systems.  knowledge in handling active directory configuration in win server (2003, 2008)  experience in assembling desktop as well as laptop.  basic knowledge in networking and cabling.  willing to adapt to any kind of work environment and scenario."}]