[{"candidateid": "706", "skills": "microsoft office (10+ years), project management (3 years), autocad (10+ years), scada (2 years), linux (3 years), sketchup (3 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "group rbs && oi s/a && nextel telecommunications && zanc contact center && none", "job-description": "schedule in-house and third-party services, including studio, satellite capacity, fiber circuits, ip streaming; handling client transmission requests via phone and email; reporting and documenting technical issues; routing various signals according to booking information; managing daily workloads and responsibilities with other team members; video and audio transmissions; troubleshooting technical issues and escalating to engineer-in-charge or providers. && performing maintenance and repair of electronic equipment; scheduling maintenance and maintaining logs of maintenance performed; designing, constructing and installing electronic equipment; maintaining equipment within required standards; informing appropriate management of parts shortages and related maintenance, and safety problems impacting the quality of the operations. && supervised and evaluated system performance and implemented performance adjustment; kept efficient deployment processes and techniques for roll outs of standardized company hardware and configured deployments that met the established configuration standards; coordinated efforts with other departments to meet customers experctations; monitored progress against strategic objectives. && monitoring the team's performance; assisting the team by performing the tasks with them; helping with training and development; helping to hire new staff. && responsible for planning, organising and supervising the work of subordinates in the installation, modifications and testing of telecommunications systems; responsible for repairing and maintaining of associated equipments of the telecommunications system. analysing and troubleshooting communications systems to maintain dps and other state agencies telecom systems as per requirement or orders.", "job title": "technical coordinator && maintenance technician && telecommunications technician && supervisor customer services && supervisor telecommunications", "job-duration": "november 2015 to january 2017 && september 2013 to november 2015 && march 2011 to september 2013 && november 2007 to july 2010 && october 2003 to october 2007"}, "location": "porto alegre, rs, br", "education": {"institute": "faveni porto alegre && pucrs porto alegre", "school-duration": "march 2016 to march 2017 && august 2006 to july 2014", "qualification": "mba in administration && bachelor's in engineer"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "707", "skills": "- marketing management. - product positioning. - managing human resources. - workforce planning and employment. -human resource development. -electronics circuits. -international financial environment. -exchange rate behavior. - liability management. - supply chain. - distribution channel. -sap management system. -internet. -office package. -windows 2010.- switches. - routers. - wireless. - cisco; ccnp, ccna, ccda. - voip. - data center. - enterprise network. -sla. - metro network. - erb. - sap. - portal. - structural cabling. ftool. - autocad. - outlook. - html. - government security regulatory manual. - iees (integrated electronic security systems). - access. - vnp. - dos.  html.- pbx. - ura.- dataflow. (10+ years)", "additional-info": "additional informationgeorgetown university (2016) - leadership in cyber security - threats, vulnerabilities and social engineering  georgetown university (2016). ura monitoring and virtual agent avaya environment - avaya (2008). wireless communication - wireless and infra red - mackenzie (2007).", "work-experience": {"company": "cyberion cell phone repair store - maryland && datacom - so paulo, sp && cet - companhia de engenharia de trfego - so paulo, sp && telesp - so paulo state telecommunications - so paulo, sp", "job-description": "responsibilities: developing marketing resources, strategy of improve business. supervisor technical hardware repairs (cell phones, tablets, hoverboards and electronics equipments in general). determine causes of electronics equipment failure by attempting to operate; observing functioning; conducting diagnostic tests researching engineering and service manuals. correct electronics equipment malfunctions by clearing jams; cleaning parts and components; repairing disabled parts; replacing damaged, broken, or worn parts; recommending equipment upgrades and replacements. understand equipment complaints. provide a training team material; improve technical notes. analyze marketing and business effectiveness. attend working group staff meetings. manage the distribution channel and logistical process, store organize and sales. skills: - marketing management. - product positioning. - managing human resources. - workforce planning and employment. -human resource development. -electronics circuits. -international financial environment. -exchange rate behavior. - liability management. - supply chain. - distribution channel. -sap management system. -internet. -office package. -windows 2010. && responsibilities: leader of quality installation; provide field service maintenance with technical scheduled and emergency service work orders in customers building and data centers. adhere to protected maintenance hours for user interface and engineering teams. understand equipment complaints. supervise and determine causes of telecommunication equipment failure. manage the logistics on the daily routine works and surveys. controls and provides technical support to technicians daily projects. manage the distribution channel of equipments and logistical process. develop indicator of projects. manage project documentation. supervise infrastructure projects for structured cabling. visit customer installations, erbs and data centers.   skills: - switches. - routers. - wireless. - cisco; ccnp, ccna, ccda. - voip. - data center. - enterprise network. -sla. - metro network. - erb. - sap. - portal. - autocad. - dos system operation. - structural cabling. -management human resources. -supply chain. - office package. - windows xp, 2002, 2009 and vista. - outlook. - internet. - html. && responsibilities:  identify the dynamics, traffic conditions and safety. evaluate and distribute information to different areas of the company. employ data and internal tasking system to identify patterns in over or under-usage of resources and presents ideas and solutions based on this data. operator integrated electronic security systems. monitoring communications centers. carrie of technical process. control logical security. regularly communicate with all team members to ensure earliest possible risk/issues identification, schedule slippage, and scope change.  skills: - internet. - ftool. - autocad. - outlook. - office. - html. - government security regulatory manual. - iees (integrated electronic security systems). && responsibilities: set priorities and aligns priorities and tasks with team expectations. identify best approach to scheduling for completing a task by collaborating with project, account, and product managers. update tasks based on changing priorities, timelines, scope, or resource availability. close/request closure of completed tasks to keep data clean and accurate. identify and communicates in advance when maintenance and project hours are in danger of not being met. recommend possible solutions for getting the team back on track. proactively manage maintenance and project hours. develop and manages project schedules and status using available tools. identify best approach to scheduling timelines and resources for projects in coordination with project and product managers.  skills: - sap. - dataflow. - pbx. - ura. - erb. - sla. -telemarketing. - office package. - sql. - outlook. - access. - vnp. - dos. - html.", "job title": "technical manager internship && technical supervisor && monitor technician && traffic coordinator", "job-duration": "september 2016 to february 2017 && january 2013 to july 2015 && 2008 to 2011 && 2004 to 2008"}, "location": "silver spring, md", "education": {"institute": "washington university of virginia annadells && mackenzie university so paulo, sp", "school-duration": "july 2016 to december 2019 && 2007 to 2013", "qualification": "master in master of business administration && bachelor's in electronics engineer"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "708", "skills": "excellent computer/internet skills (hardware and software), management proficiency, articulate communication and goal achiever. languages: portuguese (native) and english (fluent) and spanish (intermediate).", "additional-info": "additional informationsoftware skills: microsoft windows platform ios platform microsoft office 2010: word, excel, powerpoint. adobe cs5 collection: photoshop, indesign, illustrator and acrobat corel draw x4  health care provider cpr certified", "work-experience": {"company": "improvement viagens e intercambio - londrina, pr && self employed - washington, dc && self employed - home based && muffatto - chain of supermarkets, wholesales and imports distributor in brazil - londrina, pr && workforce logic - home based && autonation company - laurel, md && universidade estadual de londrina - state university of londrina - londrina, pr && wirewood.com.br (online store of magic the gathering cards and games accessories.) - londrina, pr && unopar - university of north of parana - londrina, pr && unopar - university of north of parana - londrina, pr && londripage - londrina, pr", "job-description": "responsible for customer service training, sales manager, negotiations with schools abroad for new contracts, as well as maintaining existing ones, representing the company in events and workshops. && on my first year of residence in usa, coming as an exchange student through aupaircare, mainly to brush up my english, made it possible for me to get special training for infant care and cpr certification. after the program was done (august 2009), my work continued as a caregiver for elderlies, alzheimer's patients, and some other families also as nanny/babysitter for children of several different ages. the responsibilities were keeping schedules, keeping logs, running errands, driving, feeding, tiding up, and other activities related to daily basics care. && working as a graphic designer and desktop publisher freelancer in several segments such as book projects (covers, layout and editing), documents, posters, banners, cards, folders, flyers, promotional material, corporate identity, web design (project, publishing, and updating), photo editing, exhibitions/events and fashion runaways. && responsible for design of labels and any sort of packaging, including evaluating if it was according to brazilian laws over packaging of imported products. my fluency in english and negotiation skills permitted searching, contacting and negotiating with potential suppliers in china, thailand, india, portugal, italy, spain, holland and other countries, as well as the sales process with companies that muffatto supplies. responsible for design projects for displays and all the packaging of bakery, sandwiches and meats products. && description: analyzing and rating google ads in english and portuguese, considering the construction of the ad, the user intent and the landing page. also, participate in experiment ratings, trying different ways of rating since the google team is always trying to find the best way. && greeting customers, answering and making calls, networking, customer service, using the autonation system, follow all the steps of the sales process (standardized by autonation). && worked at cops (an office at the state university of londrina that is responsible for admission exams) for 18 months. my duties were with the graphic design of the tests and all the preparation of the files before the printing. then my position was transferred to the university publishing house (eduel) for 6 months, being responsible for graphic project of the books (covers, inside and publicity). && responsible also for marketing, database of the stock and for all the customer support and sales (by phone and online). the stock was updated with new products every week and with every product sold. the customer support was, basically, answering e-mails of every purchase individually, making sure that every customer would have a unique and personal experience and do the best to find the product that they were looking for. the customer was able to request what he/she wanted so we could check with our suppliers. also, being available for any phone support if necessary.  august - 2005 data base training for anpara. description: responsible to train on site the users of 48 companies (resellers of agrochemicals) in the state of paran in brazil to use the web based anpara credit referral system (created by londripage).  july 2004 - february 2005 trainee experience at joshua, a jeans industry. description: responsible for the graphic design department (which would organize and plan runaway events for new collections, publicity prints, interior design of the store and stands for events). && worked as a tutor during 6 months on the photography class at unopar. && worked as a web designer for about 15 months with the e-journal of the department of arts, communication & design at unopar (university of north of parana). && worked at londripage as web designer and technical support to customers in the following activities: software installation, anti-virus protection, database input, and training customers in the web database tools.", "job title": "operations director && caregiver && graphic designer (free lancer) && graphic designer (import department) && google ad rater && sales associate (fox buick gmc) && graphic designer && administrative owner && tutor && web designer && web designer and technical support", "job-duration": "april 2014 to april 2016 && august 2008 to september 2013 && january 2001 to september 2013 && september 2011 to june 2012 && june 2011 to august 2011 && september 2010 to december 2010 && september 2006 to august 2008 && february 2003 to november 2007 && july 2004 to december 2004 && march 2003 to july 2004 && january 2001 to december 2003"}, "location": "sunderland, md", "education": {"institute": "kroton londrina, pr && unopar - kroton londrina, pr && universidade do norte do paran - university of north of parana && unopar - university of north of parana londrina, pr", "school-duration": "march 2014 to december 2017 && september 2015 to january 2017 && 2004 && 2000 to 2000", "qualification": "bachelor's in nursing && mba in leadership and coaching in people's management && bachelor's in industrial design/graphic design && 1st year of bachelor's in tecnology of information in computer science"}, "resume-summary": "my name is caroline correa parker and i have been a graphic designer for over 13 years. i received my ba in industrial design, with emphasis in graphic design, in 2004 from the university of the north of paran, in brazil. i lived in brazil most of my life, i have been a maryland resident for the past eight years and i am a u.s. citizen.   besides my experience on the design field, i have several years of training and excellence in sales and customer service, also experience in administration of two companies.   i am a quick learner with fast paced and detail oriented personality. i have excellent computer/internet skills (hardware and software), management proficiency, articulate communication and i am a goal achiever.   working on my own or in group was never a issue to me, as well as working in one project at a time or being multitask. being organized and well planned is part of my personality and was always a plus to get the job done."}, {"candidateid": "630", "skills": "microsoft office (3 years), python bsico, c++ intermedirio, java intermedirio", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "expro - mossor, rn", "job-description": "activities of operations supervisor in bahia, amazonas and rio grande do norte areas. responsible for the people management, job planning. follow up and planning of maintenance. sap erp system use to control maintenance, requisition creation, reservation creation. participation in client meetings.  maintenance in mechanical and automation system (fieldbus, instrumentation, ihm/scada system).  project engineer in a fiscal measurement system project following the anp/inmetro standards. main activities:   o define the project scope (project tasks, resources); o technical specification of instrumentation; o support the sales team providing technical expertise; o automation project, p&id design, installation of instrumentation, flow computer configuration, scada programming. startup and commissioning.  field engineer in well evaluation tests in brazil (onshore), bolvia (onshore) and angola (offshore) working with data acquisition, surface well test equipment, downhole equipment with wireless technology (dst surface read out). fiscal measurement and appropriation tests operations in brazil (so mateuses and catu-ba).", "job title": "operations engineer", "job-duration": "july 2013 to september 2016"}, "location": "natal, rn", "education": {"institute": "universidade federal do rio grande do norte natal, rn", "school-duration": "2008 to 2012", "qualification": "bachelor's in computer engineering"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "709", "skills": "great analytical skills (10+ years), excellent communication skills (10+ years), think creatively (10+ years), customer oriented, project experienced (10+ years), multitasking, planning skills (5 years), people person (10+ years), internal auditor (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional information over 10 years results-focused experience involving sales, business operations and supply chain  global and strategic sourcing  designing and tracking company sales and goals  project management   inventory planning & control  customer service oriented  strong analytical skills  managing accounts, including invoices, accounts receivable and payable  extensive international experience, with a deep understanding of diverse cultural and business practices  creative thinking/ problem solving  process innovation   demand and forecasting  internal auditor  bilingual professional with a strong academic record and hands-on work performance   sap implementation project /sap-business process certified", "work-experience": {"company": "emporium saint antonio - br && (fibria) aracruz celulose (usa) inc - aventura, fl && palermos food distributor - hialeah, fl && farmasa pharmaceutical industry - br", "job-description": " developed and executed a successful strategy to create a new company in the food and wine industry. responsible for all business operational tasks, including pricing, communications, branding, advertising, purchasing, vendors selection, process, stock management and it infrastructure.  new market developed, based on demographic, local economy and products research. applied swap analysis and lean tools, resulting in rapid growing sales.  store design and development organization from architectural, construction, layout and machinery.  grew company to more than r$150,000.00 in revenue in two years  perform inventory control, ordering, and purchasing. negotiate agreements with vendors in order to control costs. responsible for all accounts payable and receivable, budget management, bookkeeping, and payroll.  responsible for hiring and training employees to be customer oriented, prepare weekly schedules, monitor and evaluate performance. create and establishing new employee handbook and protocols.  virtually minimize staff turnover by instituting retention programs. (bonus, store sales and health benefits )  implement new operational process and procedures.  increased sales over 10 percent during last two years by building customers loyalty and introducing new sales methods to all staff. && enhance product workflow by analyzing and developing logistics plans that affect production, distribution, and inventory.  create and review procedures for distribution and inventory management to maximize customer satisfaction and minimize cost.  oversaw compliance of sales conditions with terms agreed in contracts; responsible for invoicing, accounts receivable, shipment planning, forecasting, replenishment in four different ports, inventory controls, and customer services for kimberly clark, which represented 50% of aracruz business in north america market. (500 thousand tons per year).  developing supply chain alternatives with suppliers in order to reduce logistics costs in the region, resulting in high margin of profits and better lead time performance.  leader of it projects among aracruz, customers, and suppliers. responsible for developing a system that can control product and transportation lead time, providing real time tracking services, and creating data reports that enable upper management during the decision making process (e.g. plan delivery schedule). the pds was implemented in the european office, which account for 1.5 million tons of wood pulp per year.  others sap improvements including edi, smoi, consignment and aracruz supplier portal.  supervision and support to operation activities on major ports in the us, baltimore, md; port arthur, tx; jacksonville, fl; and mobile, al).  member of the auditing team, which was responsible for implementing iso, supply chain custody and sarbanes-oxley regulations in north american office.responsible for the us office internal auditing.  responsible for recover over usd$1.0000.000 in payments overdue.  leader of the restructuring accounts process, resulting in 30 days decreased among late payments.  earned the best supplier reward in 2006 provided by kimberly clark llc, which was disputed among 1000 suppliers. && directed sales management activities for entire florida state consisting of eight headquarter accounts covering more than 550 retail outlets.  increased sales 10% through effective sales planning and improved shelf presence of product line.  introduced 40-plus new products to accounts, maintained 100% product line distribution.  consistently achieved or exceeded all sales quotas each year.  prepared, presented, and arranged promotions, sold displays / distributions to support promotions.  supervised and scheduled job assignments for retail sales force. && responsible for marketing and sales among three different cities and government hospitals in the sao paulo area.  responsible for expanding sales volume in target areas.  reconstructed product positioning program for national distribution.", "job title": "business operations manager && logistics / senior supply chain analyst / internal auditor && sales and marketing specialist && trainee", "job-duration": "february 2010 to november 2016 && may 2005 to january 2010 && 2002 to 2005 && 1999 to 2000"}, "location": "hollywood, fl", "education": {"institute": "universidade paulista - unip jundia, sp && colorado technical university && colorado technical university", "school-duration": "january 1998 to january 2000 && none && none", "qualification": "associates degree in marketing && associates in ags, science && bachelor in international business"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "710", "skills": "microsoft office (10+ years), efis pro line 21 (1 year), gns-xls fms (1 year), honeywell spz-500 (1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationclear to flight rvsm and pbn", "work-experience": {"company": "itac - technical institute of civil aviation - braslia, df && conab - ministry of agriculture - nacional supply company - braslia, df && brava locadora de bens ltda - florianpolis, sc && pema charter operation - ourilndia do norte, pa", "job-description": "teaching air traffic regulation subject. && financial government advisor && total flight hours: 900,00 aircraft: learjet 60xr and citation ii. experience in international flights - south, central and north america. && aircraft: cessna 210; pa31 piper navajo. experience flight around brazil in particular amazon region. also have knowledge in restricted operations for instance indigenous village, landing in sand, gravel and bush runway.", "job title": "teacher && government advisor && first officer && captain and first officer", "job-duration": "august 2016 to present && july 2016 to present && april 2014 to may 2015 && july 2013 to march 2014"}, "location": "braslia, df", "education": {"institute": "school of business and social science braslia, df", "school-duration": "none", "qualification": "none"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "13", "skills": "unix administration (5 years), project management (9 years), product development (10+ years), manufacturing (10+ years), information technology (10+ years), six sigma green belt (1 year), operating systems (10+ years), networking (10+ years), business development (10+ years), business analysis (10+ years), management (10+ years)", "additional-info": "additional informationcompetences strong background with 13+ years in knowledge of the entire product lifecycle management beyond engineering roles such as change management, quality, compliance, manufacturing, supply chain and document control. strong knowledge in siemens plm teamcenter solution as user and administrator (bmide, workflow, others). knowledge of oracle db and sql server db, unix and windows os; knowledge of languages: java, xml/xsl, uml, javascript, html, css, php, pascal; excellent interpersonal and communication skills both oral and written in english, portuguese, including intermediate level of communication in french and spanish; knowledge of engineering, manufacturing and quality best practices and tools - six sigma (dmaic methods), cmmi- dev, fmea, lean manufacturing, 6 panel, global 5d/ 8d, 5s, msa, dimensional quality statistical variation analysis. deep knowledge in cad, cae, cam, plm, digital manufacturing software. deep knowledge in project management system, gpds, pmbok. mba in project management, bachelor degree in information technology, and technical degree in project design of plastic products, tooling, equipment, machinery and fixtures. strong knowledge of the microsoft office suite of tools and operational system.", "work-experience": {"company": "dassault systemes - so paulo, sp && ford motor company - south america && msx international - bahia, br && process fundamentals, six sigma, g8d, fmea, statistical process control - ford design institute && siemens plm solution partner sp && siemens plm software - sp - br && cae - femap && solid edge st - st5 / se simulation && healthcare design conference - nashville, tn", "job-description": "technical sales - solution consultant for latam business transformation channel focused in transportation and mobility market, leading technical sales engagement as opportunity technical sales leader (otl) in line with the leverage process using consultative selling approach, defining and proposing an integrated global solution enabling the customer to fulfill their business value and strategy addressing the ds solution, for final workability and relevancy of the solution. && brazil manufacturing quality office department duties and responsibilities: manufacturing quality forward model fit and finish coach performing virtual ford customer audit (vfcpa) assessment and validation on feasibility checkpoint and engineering deliverables. translates system and component designs into feasible to manufacture processes functional objectives, program constraints and customer requirements. lead quality operation system, quality control plans, pfmea, g8d activities, six sigma projects. leading development plans to conduct fit & finish variation checks in place and funded: costs covered and communicated: hardware/software. conducting interior and exterior trim commodities assessment and studies in teamcenter mockup and catia v5, interacting and presenting proposals and solutions to studio feasibility and d&r seeking perceived quality attributes and requirements for manufacturing. && do brasil - bahia - brazil perceived quality department at ford motor company - south america. duties and responsibilities: key team representative for ford b562 forward model program design feasibility assessment, design validation, tough choices and decisions forums, guarantor of program attributes, requirements and achievement of best program perceived quality. lead risk/opportunity analyses, managing the ongoing negotiations with design and release engineers (d&r), program management team and craftsmanship team. interior and exterior trim commodities assessment and studies in teamcenter mockup, catia v5, nx i-deas, interacting and presenting proposals and solutions to studio feasibility and d&r seeking perceived quality attributes and requirements. coordinate benchmarking efforts and lead craftsmanship vehicle audits for interior commodities. && ford sa 2013 ford gpds, e2ks, ford project management - ford learning & development 2013 && technical business development department at brotas technologia a siemens plm solution partner sp - brazil duties and responsibilities: responsible for establishing company's technological direction, goals and strategies and presiding over the entire technical and tech-sales workforce. proposes budgets for programs and projects, oversees budgets, resources allocation, purchases and upgrades equipment and it infrastructure. responsible for overseeing and managing system engineering information technology projects. coordinates project phases from development to installation. acts as liaison between customers, clients, vendors, suppliers and consultants. leads site survey and process mapping for recognition of customer needs, supplying detailed information to the consumer about the technical specifications of the system engineering solution, cad/cae/cam/plm/digital manufacturing, network, hardware and third part software offered by the company. responsible for researching and developing ideas and processes for new products. improves upon the performance and design of existing products and oversees production and packaging of final product. responsible for designing and developing materials and other goods made with plastics, sheet metal and tube structures, creating specifications, establishes manufacturing control plans, and designs pieces, parts and assemblies process. product lifecycle management (plm) systems engineer responsible for definition and implementation of siemens plm solution portfolio. pre-sales of siemens plm software cax and plm software, leading teamcenter engineering and express demonstration, including i-deas nx, solid edge and nx integration. && tecnomatix robcad / plant simulation - siemens plm software - sp - brazil 2010 && nashville - tn - usa 2011 annual siemens plm software summit - so paulo brazil / long beach - ca - usa 2005 - 2009 && teamcenter engineering / teamcenter project training - eds - sp brazil 2003 && catia - ibm - sp brazil 1993", "job title": "latam solution consultant && mfg. quality analyst && senior product engineering analyst && ford project management - ford learning & development && cto - program manager - business development manager && c3png teamcenter instructor certification && c3pclassic instructor certification && i-deas tdm database admin. and migration && c3classic basic, advanced admin certification", "job-duration": "december 2015 to present && october 2013 to july 2015 && june 2012 to april 2013 && 2013 to 2013 && august 2009 to june 2012 && 2010 to 2010 && 2010 to 2010 && 2009 to 2009 && 2005 to 2009"}, "location": "louisville, ky", "education": {"institute": "universidade municipal so caetano do sul so paulo, sp && universidade municipal so caetano do sul so paulo, sp && high school technical && escola de projetos so paulo, sp", "school-duration": "2010 to 2012 && 2005 to 2008 && 1989 to 1990 && none", "qualification": "mba in project management && commerce and web applications && none && none"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "710", "skills": "ingles fluente, espanhol e italiano avancado, microsoft office, erp (sap e mfg pro)", "additional-info": "additional informationaccomplished executive with over 25 years of recognized experience in the areas of accounting, corporate finance, treasury & risk management, business financial analysis & strategic planning, controllership-related areas mainly focused in plant manufacturing, purchasing and sox & internal controls over financial reports.  throughout this period, i have helped both external customers and internal business clients to achieve their financial targets, contributing for improving operating profits and enhance process and procedures.   as a respected leader, i have been able to build and maintain highly motivated teams, developing each individual to become a better contributor to the organization, able to reach and exceed their expected goals.  the professional experience gained throughout these past years, has brought me to a place where i can thoroughly contribute to and support, top management team to achieve their business and financial objectives.  broad international and cross-cultural background, having worked abroad in england, venezuela, argentina and usa for over 8 years  references: previous direct report jose rubens vicari - eaton president (11) [] jrvicari@uol.com.be  francisco serafim - lear vice president (11) [] franciscoserafim@uol.com.br", "work-experience": {"company": "lear corporation brazil - so paulo, sp && lear corporation brazil - caapava, sp && eaton corporation - so jos dos campos, sp && royal shakespeare company - london - england && johnson & johnson brazil - so paulo, sp", "job-description": "reporting directly to the senior vice president of global purchasing-finance based in the united states, southfield, michigan, i was responsible for development and maintenance of a robust internal control environment for south america's purchasing department in accordance with us gaap, sarbanes-oxley and local accounting requirements.  ensure compliance with the global purchasing procedures and also make sure that purchasing activities have a strong environment control and procedures in place (sarbanes-oxley)  directing the accounting policy for issues relating to supply chain transactions and technical standards  consolidate and coordinate the preparation of financial plans, including monthly forecasts and annual budgets   assisting in the management of troubled suppliers, including on-site financial reviews, developing fix and/or exit strategies, etc.  leading the monthly financial reporting process of the division to the us corporation and periodic review and coordination of purchasing savings programs, between all factories operations and purchasing managers  reconciling purchasing savings programs reported by purchasing area with amounts reported and recognized by plants in the global system (hyperion)  assisting in the review and negotiation of supplier contracts & commercial issues  leading and coordinate the annual supplier tooling audit process  assisting in the purchasing it system implementation to ensure that it meets legal, financial, operational and functional requirements  conducting special financial studies and projects as required && as plant controller of the manufacturer unit of caapava, an automotive seats industry, with annual sales of $135 million and 400 employees, i reported to the south america finance director, based in sao paulo. i had under my responsibility the areas of accounting, financial and strategic planning, costing, payables & receivables, tax and export  a team of 11 people. financial analysis / financial management / accounting:  responsible for the accounting operations of the company, including the production of periodic financial reports, maintenance of an adequate system of accounting records  implementation of a comprehensive set of internal controls (sox) designed to mitigate risk, enhance the accuracy of the company's reported financial results, and ensure that reported results comply with generally accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting standards  co-work for successful sap implementation in the brazilian market including being the lead liaison with all key stakeholders to ensure timely and transparent communications; ensure best practice is incorporated into implementation and to include and not limited to regional tax compliance and regulatory reporting.  accurate and timely reporting of monthly financial and operational results for the plant.  assist with evaluating current and proposed financial plans and policies and recommend updates to increase the plant's profitability and operational efficiency; interpret financial results and provide analyses to assist regional and business unit leadership and comply with global reporting requirements.  manage the performance of all direct reports by defining their job responsibilities, establish their performance objectives, provide career counseling, feedback and guidance; work cooperatively with regional leadership and human resources to assess staff capabilities.  ensure all policies are understood and adhered to including lear global policies and procedures, us gaap financial reporting and all local regulatory reporting. budgeting, planning and financial projections:  guide the preparation of annual budgets while working with regional leadership   provide periodic financial projections as required by the ul corporate finance; provide analysis and recommendations for the region to meet or exceed its revenue growth and profitability.  mergers & acquisitions  merges & acquisitions - assist with the evaluation of m&a candidates, financial impact via financial and operational models that include projected returns on investment, discounted cash flows for proposed capital expenditures or other investments, synergies and cost efficiencies. tax and regulatory  assist regional and corporate tax management and legal team with regional tax laws and reporting regulations for income taxes, indirect taxes, and tax withholdings.  advise various departments, including hr, legal, payroll, and accounts payable, on administering and resolving tax-related matters.  assist local and global tax teams to minimize companys tax exposure.  represent the company in audits by the federal, state and local tax authorities when appropriate.  cash flow management / banking relationship:  manage facility's cash flow to ensure it is optimized and provides needed operational funding within the regional markets; work closely with regional treasurer  manage the credit and collections function including the development of goals and key metrics.   manage bank account administration and banking relationships; ensures high degree of collaboration with regional treasury projects / ad hoc:  analyze information regarding customer, products, markets, geographies, and competitors to assist in developing new and current business studies; perform needs analyses and develops implementation plans for new business ventures or additions to current lines of business, including potential acquisitions and global expansion.  communicate business and strategic plan objectives to regional and local management.  develop business plans to support funding for major investments in new facilities and facility expansions within latin america region.   work closely with regional operations and sales to develop long-range strategic plans and annual unit operating plans  also, during that time (from may 2006 to nov 2011) i held/accumulated the position of south americas sox (sarbanes-oxley) champion, reporting directly to the global financial control manager based in southfield, mich., usa lears headquarter. in this role, i responsible to implement internal control in all the 8 plants of lear south america (4 in brazil, 3 argentina e 1 venezuela). also, developing, implementing and monitor rules/policies and procedures to ensure the integrity of lears internal controls over financial reporting and it safeguard. it included (1) managing and coordinating the quarterly assessments, to ensure that internal controls over financial reporting were operating as designed; (2) perform on site reviews of two chosen plants quarterly, in order to generate the quality review report to make sure that those facilities were in compliance with sox requirements; (3) overall to ensure that all plant and divisional personnel (finance and non-finance) were appropriately trained in the sarbanes-oxley requirements.  during jan 2004 to june 2005, i was designated to stay in venezuela plant, based in valencia, in order to reorganize the financial department and to support the logistic/material department to reduce the excess/obsolete inventory of $ 2,5 million dollars; and minimized inventory variances and improved root causes analysis. the plant reduced inventory shrinkage in the amount of $ 650 thousands per year as a result of inventory cycle counting process implementation && outline of responsibilities :   general accounting, tax, costing, planning and controlling functions. management and statutory reports (balance sheet and p&l analysis)  develop business relationships and provide quality advices across the board. pricing and profit analysis to support commercial negotiations  manage the admin and it areas  re-structuring the material department, including import and export   relationship with banks and corporate treasury, including determination of source and application of funds. elaboration the capex for new investments and its negotiation and approval in the usa && the rsc is a theatre company established in 1960. over the last 40 years the rsc has produced hundreds of productions and became the biggest theatre company in the history. has 250 employees and resides in the barbican centre in london.  position held & responsibility: reporting to the general administrator manager as general manager assistant the main role was in the finance field, specially in the accounting, human resources and budgeting areas, and a permanent member of a team to redevelop the company theaters and reinvigorate the companys presence in london. && johnsons with approximate 104,500 employees, is the worlds most comprehensive and broadly manufacturer of health care products, as well a provider of related services, for the consumer, pharmaceutical and medical devices. currently has more than 197 operating companies in 54 countries.  position held & responsibility: direct reporting to finance manager and functionally supporting the marketing managers, i reached the senior position of marketing financial analyst. in september of 1992 was promoted to financial planning and corporate report supervisor.", "job title": "senior purchasing-finance manager for south america && plant controller && plant controller && general manager assistant && market financial analyst", "job-duration": "november 2012 to june 2015 && october 2002 to november 2012 && january 1999 to september 2002 && june 1996 to december 1998 && january 1990 to may 1996"}, "location": "so jos dos campos, sp", "education": {"institute": "faap sao paulo so paulo, sp && university college london, u. of london london - england && universidade de sao paulo so paulo, sp", "school-duration": "2000 to 2002 && 1996 to 1998 && 1990 to 1995", "qualification": "mba in finanas && licenciatura in economia - bsc, developing countriy economies && bacharelado in economics"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "711", "skills": "microsoft office (5 years), computer skills (10+ years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "dimension data - curitiba, pr && sigmaone - curitiba, pr", "job-description": "responsibilities it operates within the hsbc bank on the ipt operations , activities of management, monitoring, operation and troubleshooting of the cisco voice environment (ipt) (callmanager). more than 30,000 extensions.  accomplishments more than 30 projects of voip on the branches of hsbc on brazil. troubleshooting and monitoring  skills used  quick resolution of voip troubles, great responsibilities and managing projects && responsibilities he worked for the support and deployment of panasonic equipments for unified solutions (cctv, video conferencing, and telecom)  accomplishments implantation of environment of voice and cctv panasonic on ntt data. instalation, configuration and troubleshooting of system of voice and cctv panasonic in the ntt data, with high security, with the interconnection of voice environment on 2 sites (curitiba and londrina). status: completed  skills used quick resolution of voip troubles, great responsibilities and managing projects", "job title": "cisco analyst && technical analyst iii", "job-duration": "september 2014 to present && december 2013 to september 2014"}, "location": "curitiba, pr", "education": {"institute": "universidade positivo curitiba, pr && senai pr curitiba, pr", "school-duration": "2016 to 2018 && 2012 to 2014", "qualification": "analysis and systems development in development systems && degree in telecommunications technician in telecommunications"}, "resume-summary": "experience in cisco networks, focusing in voip and routing & switching (ccna r&s), acting in troubleshooting. experience in panasonic unified communications, cctv, videoconference and voip. certified sap key-user. knowledge of vmware and ms azure in vmware academy and ms academy azure."}, {"candidateid": "712", "skills": "microsoft office (10+ years), sap (6 years), office management (6 years), event planning (6 years), travel arrangements (6 years), supplier management (4 years), contract administration (6 years), contract negotiations (6 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationcomplementary courses techniques of negotiation - scotwork institute (may/2015) - completed project management  fundao getlio vargas - fgv (june / 2014) - completed sales techniques - fundao getlio vargas - fgv (september to october/ 2013) - completed  languages english: fluent reading, fluent writing, advanced conversation. spanish: intermediate reading, basic writing, and intermediate conversation.", "work-experience": {"company": "aker solutions do brasil - rio de janeiro, rj && tauil & chequer associated lawyers mayerbrown - rio de janeiro, rj && ibm brazil - rio de janeiro, rj && brasif s/a - management and investments - rio de janeiro, rj && kopenhagen chocolates ltda - rio de janeiro, rj", "job-description": "hired primary as an executive assistant. after 1 year and a half got a promotion to technical buyer until take the position of facilities management coordinator. position: facilities management coordinator.  office manager - office of rio de janeiro  responsible for asset security  control of the executive fleet of the company  control of administrative contracts  management of third party agreements  purchasing control office supplies   process improvements in the administrative area in order to reduce and control costs  coordination of cleaning crews and messaging  reception coordination  administrative process management  negotiation with suppliers  cost center management fm area  meetings and events coordinator  projects:  new office rio de janeiro  city tower office: project manager (completed) - june 2014 a may 2015  administrative project manager / fm of the new plant in maca (completed)  new office rio de janeiro  gloria office: project manager (completed) - nov 2012 to june 2013  new badge layout creation used on the site do rio de janeiro, curitiba and rio das ostras  implementation of the new security system /office access control  position: technical buyer - member of the supply chain team responsible for purchasing parts and equipment and supplies for mounting structures and technological equipment used on oil rigs. activities related to the position:  carry out technical visits in companies with potential to become providers.  assess the potential ability of a company to become a supplier of products and services by analyzing the company's profile.  send a term of confidentiality, drawings, specifications and standards technical suppliers, to prepare quote.  generate quotation requests in sap.  request return of quote requests within the initially agreed deadline.  negotiate purchase prices, delivery time and payment terms together with suppliers.  align with the contract manager project deviations from the budgeted amounts and deadlines.  develop comparative competition map, citing the budgeted amount,quoted value, final value and traded difference obtained in relation to the budget  assist in the resolution of delivery and quality problems.  request registration of new suppliers.  creation of materials codes.  issue purchase order in sap.  submit purchase order for approval by attaching the map competition and proposals from suppliers.  send purchase order to suppliers.  request document control area to send all technical documentationthe supplier on the request issued.  sap user  position: executive secretary / office manager responsible for administrative services branch facilities in the area, control of administrative contracts, management of third-party contracts, purchasing control office materials, process improvements in the administrative area in order to reduce and control costs. coordination of cleaning crews and messaging, administrative process management; negotiation with suppliers. support board responsible for the management and organization of presidential meetings and workshops. sap user. && job description: domestic and international billing, control and forecast receipts. main activities: reporting directly to the partners and associates of the company doing the billing of your spending; accounts receivable and billing analysis; issuing invoices; preparation of reimbursement; customer contact; analysis and collection of bills late (aging); data update on microsiga / protheus. elite and cms experience with open systems (citrix) && operations in international finance. main activities: business analyst with partners. the task is to search the ibm financial database of rent due to the sales representative (partner) and that was not deposited automatically by the system or has been deposited with incorrect value. why the rent was not deposited or because the deposited value is not the correct amount is checked. made research, this income is manually entered on ibm's payment system and can be checked by the sales representative performance in the payment process of the vendors and partners of the us sales area, latin america and canada. analysis, processing and authorization of payment applications from vendors to be made. information insert in the database in order to verify and authorize payment commissioned salespeople. support in the hiring process and approval of monthly payments of outsourced employees. responsible for creating and updating the procedures manuals analysts. && report, advice and support the board of the company (airline tickets, hotel reservations, scheduling meetings); preparation of spreadsheets (financial, budgetary and control); reconciliations and transactions of all current accounts; accounts payable and receivable; benefits of purchasing for employees; contact with suppliers; officials calculations and payments (salaries and benefits); responsible for the \"box\" of the company; advice to the directors of farms; organization of events and auctions of the company; user of microsoft money program. && responsible for the areas: fiscal and human resources, shopping. operations also in logistics, distribution and delivery of goods. main activities: tax bookkeeping, opening businesses and branch offices (responsible for the entire process, from the documentation required), recruitment and selection of temporary and effective, application refresher courses, workforce restructuring; coordination of teams of sellers, targets reports / sales, approvals by the union; legal representative at labor hearings; responsible for the installation of ecf machines process. mapping areas of delivery of goods in the shops, riding routes and informing the timing of deliveries.", "job title": "facilities management coordinator && plenary financial analyst && administrative senior assistant - financial analyst && financial administrative assistant && administrative assistant: legal representative of the company in rio de janeiro", "job-duration": "march 2010 to may 2016 && february 2009 to february 2010 && may 2007 to february 2009 && december 2006 to april 2007 && july 2005 to december 2006"}, "location": "rio de janeiro, rj", "education": {"institute": "universidade veiga de almeida rio de janeiro, rj && universidade veiga de almeida rio de janeiro, rj", "school-duration": "february 2003 to december 2008 && february 1996 to december 2000", "qualification": "bacharelado in administrao de empresas && bacharelado in direito"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "713", "skills": "advanced english, autocad, microstation, sap", "additional-info": "additional informationcourses and specialties  a) management and communication  - project management with ms-project (kappa conseil & assistance aux projets) - project management with primavera p6 (interdata courses) - methodology for analysis and troubleshooting -masp (perda zero business consulting) - internal auditor of quality system(sqs quality) - leadership in preliminary hazard analysis (det norske veritas  dnv) - executive coaching (insight rh) b) information technology - erp: sap, ifs, ems. - cad: autocad 2d e 3d, microstation 2d e 3d, shipconstructor, navisworks, avevamarine. - office (advanced): word, excel, powerpoint, access. c) mechanical and electric - industrial automation (siemens brazil) - industrial instrumentation (instech e link automation) - steam systems projects(spirax sarco brazil) - energy control and locking(qualiseg safety engineering) d) oil and gas - hull surveyor: class and statutory inspections techniques for ships in operation (pan-american institute of naval engineering) - stability: control in failure conditions in ships and offshore(pan-american institute of naval engineering) - oil:refining,marketingandderivatives(brazilian petroleum institute ibp) - upstream e dowstream (brazilian petroleum institute  ibp) - aveva solutions: integrated management of engineering for manufacturing of shipbuilding and offshore enterprises", "work-experience": {"company": "vard promar - fincantieri company && atlntico sul shipyard && areva renewable energies && gerdau ameristeel", "job-description": "vard fincantieri company - vard promar shipyard  from december/2011to september/2014 (large company  multinational (norway)  in the marine industry) head of department (structure and hull outfitting)  (from march/2013 to september/2014) - project team leader for design of lpg carrier 4000m3; - actingas a focalpoint ofthe engineering department, aligning the demands ofproduction andexistingfacilitieswith thedesign conditions, easingthe samewhenever necessary; -development of activitiesseeking the bestcontrol, presentation and traceability ofgenerateddesigns,according to thepmbokrecommendations; - searchof maximizingrevenueandsatisfaction of the endcustomer; -continuity ofactivities performedas projectcoordinator(see below); project coordinator (structure and outfitting) (fromdecember/2011 to february/2013) - guide the structural design and the gas ships hull accessories for transpetro, considering technical scope, the shipyard production standards, production capacity and current international standards; - exercise as head of interim engineering in travel occurrences of the titular head of department (average 01 weeks / month); - coordination of design specifications of the project, bringing the best european best practices to shipyard in order to align them to the requirements of owner (transpetro and petrobras); - warranty service of project classification society requirements (bureau veritas), technical parameters of the owner and international standards (norsk, solas, dnv, bv, iacs, imo, lloyds register, etc.); - constant interaction with international consultants for the project (norway / poland / spain) with english as official language in the coordination ofthe project; - project consistency check with the 3d model in software dedicated to give speed to field demands; - technical conduct of business, coordinating the design decisions and communication between international partners involved. && atlantico sul shipyardfrom january/2009 to november/2011 (large company  national in the marine industry) project coordinator (structure and outfitting)(from may/2011 to novemberl/2011)  - constant performance with petrobras as a direct and exclusive customer; - coordination of engineering activities for the offshore construction (semi-submersible platform p55); - guidance on preparation of the builts drawings, manufacturing plans and parts of projects to work support; - search resolutions for interference and design inconsistencies x construction, based on offshore standards (norsok, iacs, dnv offshore standard, bureau veritas classification); - development of plans for weight control and center of gravity for ballast and buoyancy of the hull of p55 platform; - acting as an integral member of engineering, the meetings between yard and customer for completion of outstanding design items. project engineer (fromjuly/2010 toapril/2011) - preparation of rigging plans (lift) in building the p55 platform, with analysis and specification of lifting lugs and reinforcements; - analysis of structures and their stability for movement on land or floating; - guidance for structural assemblies, accessories and applicable welds; - analysis of necessary x resources available for naval construction; designer engineer (fromjanuary/2009 tojune/2010) - analysis and interpretation of structural mechanical design, using technical memorial, petrobras specifications and standards; - offshore structures modeling in dedicated software (shipconstructor); - project implementation in cad and cam (design and manufacturing computer-aided); - preparation of drawings for construction and assembly of marine structures (subassemblies, assemblies, blocks, rings, etc.); - preparation of drawings and load distribution guides for lifting heavy lift structures (over 1000 tons). && areva koblitz s.a - from may/2008 tojanuary/2009 (large company - multinational (france) in the renewable energy industry) project manager - renewable energy projects management, distributed throughout brazil; - coordination of investments in accordance with the 09 knowledge areas of pmi / pmbok (integration, scope, time, budget, quality, hr, communications, risk and procurement); - coordination of engineering activities, procurement, production and delivery, observing the life cycle of the project and potential risks; - coordination of major meetings of managed projects: kick off meeting, follow up, physical financial results, etc. && gerdau steel s.a.  from april/2004 to february/2006 (large company - multinational (brazil) in the steel industry) project and investment engineer (trainee) - preparation of technical feasibility studies, equipment specification and services; - preparation of technical proposals and budgets for suppliers and customers; - experience with lean philosophy, just-in-time and toyota production system applied to production and design; - monitoring the design, implementation, deployment, and histogram of projects; - coordination electromechanical four simultaneous investments without accident record;", "job title": "head of engineering && project coordinator && project manager && project manager trainee", "job-duration": "december 2011 to september 2014 && january 2009 to november 2011 && may 2008 to december 2008 && april 2004 to february 2006"}, "location": "recife, pe", "education": {"institute": "getlio varga foundation && pernambuco federal university recife, pe && pernambuco polytechinic school && pernambuco federal institute recife, pe", "school-duration": "2012 to 2014 && 2006 to 2008 && 2001 to 2005 && 1996 to 1999", "qualification": "mba in project management && msc in mechanical mecatronics engineering && bsc in mechatronics engineering && technician in eletronica"}, "resume-summary": "project coordination, design, manufacturing, shipbuilding   - expertise in project coordination for better production and constructability of large structures, with control of physical and financial progress, since the issuance of drawings to conduction the scope, even participating in performances of works and manufacturing processesjoining customers contractual definitions and strategic plan of company; - analysis of resources necessary to provide for the construction, installation, operation, maintenance and repair of facilities and equipment, guiding the human resources involved in the mentioned works and ensuring implementation of the required technical standards; - continuous routine (daily) with international partners holders of best practices in the segments in which they operate (norway, poland, spain, germany, korea), with english as the official language of coordination of the project - career focused on systemic view of the business, with search for measurable results and attention to previously defined goals."}, {"candidateid": "714", "skills": "it management, negociation, storage, backup, big data, cloud storage, nas, network, aix, windows, solaris, emc, ibm, netapp, tsm, arcserve, netbackup, ds, enterprise storage, presales.", "additional-info": "additional informationskills  skills in negotiating with suppliers, presenting and selling solutions to the client, architecture, implementation, day-to-day best practices, enterprise storage, storage architecture, backup solutions and disaster recovery;  project management principles, practices;  project planning and implementation;  leadership and people management;  vmware, nas, enterprise storage, enterprise storage architecture, cisco switches, aix, windows os, emc storage line, ibm tsm, ibm storage line.", "work-experience": {"company": "curitiba, pr && unique wash lava car boutique && emc - so paulo, sp && union it - so paulo, sp && ibm, international business machines && hewlett-packard", "job-description": "created the brand and innovative and unique business concept in brazil;  negotiated a 5 year lease contract with brazil's second ranking luxury mall in which it was on average 40% less rent than other companies;  negotiated several client contracts with companies as; burberry, hugo boss, kate spade, armani, dolce gabbana, louis vuitton and several other high end fashion companies;  hired and negotiated salary for over 26 employees;  exponential business sales growth of 8% month on month average in a down market;  day-to-day operations direct contacts with clients and their needs;  in three months of operation the company became profitable;  marketing strategy, created successful marketing campaigns, magazines and newspapers. && business was based on a new \"boutique\" concept which i created;  created business processes for company operations;  negotiated exclusive vendor contracts giving the business an edge;  handpicked 2 new locations and negotiated long term rental contracts for company expansion;  orchestrated construction of 2 new stores and ready for operation;  very successful new business concept which i received a buying offer;  sold the business with all 3 stores for a profit of 220% in 1  years of business. && working the entire emc storage solutions and technologies such as, clariion, symmetrix, vnx, vmax, celerra, storage scope, isilon, san, nas;  implemented vmware in gvt (global village telecom);  implemented storage scope in unb (universidade de brasilia), which improved workflow and control;  worked on migrating 1.9 petabytes and expanding storage with emc storage solutions at claro helping the client cut costs. && 6 month project - designed, managed, migrated 2.9 petabytes and implemented netapp in the arab banking corporation. && worked with the entire ibm storage line and backup technologies;  ds, xiv, j type, b type, tsm and ibm partner technologies;  consistently achieved performance goals and customer developmental objectives;  was the only one on the team allowed to do home office (4 years), lived in curitiba, ibm office was in sao paulo;  helped implement best practices;  was the first one on the new ibm backup team for outsourcing clients;  chosen to go to phoenix, az to get daily operations and implement it in brazil for the new team;  trained and guided several new team members;  was the \"go to\" person for technical and procedural questions. && chosen to transition new accounts from california, founding member of the \"best shore team\";  support to junior members and guarantee daily operations from all the clients;  attended various company paid courses on storage and backup technologies, such as netbackup, backupexec, arcserve, tsm and itil.", "job title": "founder / business manager && founder / business manager && presales architect && senior storage consultant && senior storage consultant && senior system administrator", "job-duration": "july 2014 to present && january 2013 to june 2014 && march 2012 to may 2013 && august 2011 to march 2012 && november 2006 to august 2011 && january 2006 to october 2006"}, "location": "curitiba, pr", "education": {"institute": "centro universitrio campos de andrade curitiba, pr", "school-duration": "2001 to 2005", "qualification": "bachelor of computer science in computer science"}, "resume-summary": " dynamic leader with 15+ years' experience in the it sector working in key industry players (emc/ibm/eds), 6+ years' experience in managing and commercial area combined technical & business experience crossing multiple it disciplines.  able to quickly assimilate and implement new business & technical skills.  sociable, quick learner, multitasker, dedicated, hardworking, team player and committed.  senior level expertise in enterprise storage and backup solutions, cloud infrastructure, data storage, midrange computer platforms, data protection, business availability, development, hands-on planning, architecture, engineering, deployment, operation, and support.  educated and lived 15 years (1984 through 1999) in the united states of america  lived 6 months in mississauga, on, canada (1994).  willing to relocate due to work and willing to travel 50% of time."}, {"candidateid": "715", "skills": "microsoft office (10+ years), microsoft visio (4 years), microsoft project (5 years), programao de plc (10+ years), programao de ihm (10+ years), gerenciamento de projetos (10+ years), negociao (10+ years), instrumentao analtica (6 years), tratamento qumico de guas industriais (5 years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical knowledge project management; people management; iso 9000, gmp, hccap, nr12 and nr10; equipment installation (civil, electric, mechanic, instrumentation and automation); equipment development; industrial water treatment for cooling towers, boilers, reverse osmosis, chiller and compressor, focus on remote monitoring and automatic chemical dosage; analitical instrumentation (ph, orp, conductivity, do, turbidity, chlorine, silica and phosphate); process instrumentation (pressure, temperature, flow, level); special instrumentation (corrosion and vibration); special controller (woodward e walchem); plc programming (ge, ab, siemens e honeywell); ihm programming (ge, ab, siemens e honeywell); industrial networks (profibus, devicenet, contronet, modbus, ethernet, ethercat); equipment commissioning and start-up. ms project, ms visio, autocad.", "work-experience": {"company": "solenis especialidades qumicas ltda && ng metalurgica ltda && rigava engenharia e automao industrial && torrefaes noivacolinenses ltda", "job-description": "responsible for chemical feed equipment projects from the design/specification with the application team, from the development until the startup for all latin america include caribe; direct interface with solenis usa engineering team; contact with suppliers in usa, germany and belgium; introducing technology onguard for monitoring and control of chemical dosage for boilers (congruent phosphate control), cooling towers (mass balance and luminescence control), reverse osmosis, drinkable water, industrial water and waste water; introducing the telemetry for onguard controllers and analyzers; supplier development; analysis of supplier's proposal; preparation of technical proposals for chemical dosage and monitoring equipment; && coordination and monitoring of field services with contractors; commissioning (electric, instrumentation and automation); programming of plcs and hmis (allen bradley, siemens and ge fanuc); testing of electrical panels; technical support for sales team and field technicians; in company training - steam turbine operation; preparation of technical proposals project budgets analysis. && responsible to planning a team of 30 collaborators during installation of a new 13.8kv / 440v power substation in a paper company; responsible for mechanical maintenance in special assembly machines in an auto parts company. && management of the quality system (iso9000, haccp and gmp); implementation of the maintenance routines (tpm); quality and suppliers qualification audits; project for improving the production process focusing on a safety, quality and cost reduction;  complementary information available for national and international jobs", "job title": "equipment engineer && automation engineer && instrumentation technician && quality assurance analyst", "job-duration": "june 2011 to september 2016 && february 2006 to may 2011 && june 2004 to february 2006 && november 1998 to june 2004"}, "location": "piracicaba, sp", "education": {"institute": "unimep && fgv", "school-duration": "june 2004 && none", "qualification": "control and automation engineering && mba in project management"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "716", "skills": "portuguese (native language) - english (fluent) - spanish and japanese (basic)", "additional-info": "additional information several courses on account and taxation according to the brazilian regulations: e-social, income tax (ir and cssl), state tax (icms 4%, st), inss retaining, ncm (common mercosul nomenclature);  international travels to attend to meetings, visiting suppliers, attend to shows and events;  coordination of international shows and events in sao paulo (mechanical show and feimafe) for over 10 years.  coordination of engineering services on the company buildings, remodeling, design of workstation and plant installations.", "work-experience": {"company": "m.shimizu eletrica e pneumatica ltda && m.shimizu eletrica e pneumatica ltda && m.shimizu eletrica e pneumatica ltda && samoto santo amaro motores agricolas ltda && instituto radial de ensino e pesquisa - so paulo, sp && elevao sociedade de ensino ltda. - so paulo, sp", "job-description": "managed multiple areas including hr, account dept., purchasing and import, warehouse, logistics, internal sales and marketing;  negotiation with unions, employee compensation analysis, position, salary and benefits policy;  tax management and receivable/payable account controller;  interface contact with lawyers offices to provide legal advice and guidance to departments and company processes;  developed international suppliers and managed of the purchase, import and transportation logistics operations;  internal sales team management; && import processes control of machines and industrial equipment;  international negotiation with suppliers and freight forwarders, purchasing and logistics;  inventory control, costs analysis and sales price determination;  technical support to sales, accounts and tax departments; &&  technical and commercial support to customers (car assembly plants);  inventory control and erp coordination;  internal sales; && technical manager at samoto, a brazilian industry of irrigation equipment. production control of spraying systems, technical support to customers and irrigation systems designer. && mathematics teacher in a technical teaching institution && mathematics and statistic teacher in a technical teaching institution", "job title": "administrative director && import & export manager && technical manager && technical manager && math teacher && math teacher", "job-duration": "january 2008 to december 2016 && march 2000 to december 2007 && august 1994 to october 1999 && april 1992 to july 1994 && july 1993 to december 1993 && september 1992 to september 1993"}, "location": "so paulo, sp", "education": {"institute": "fiap so paulo, sp && federal universtiy of viosa viosa, mg", "school-duration": "march 2007 to september 2008 && 1986 to 1991", "qualification": "mba in administrao e finanas && bachelor of engineering in agricultural engineer"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "717", "skills": "arcgis, mapinfo, pacote office (10+ years)", "additional-info": "additional informationskills and training   fluent in english, having lived 4 years in toronto - canada []  intermediate french, having lived 5 months in bordeaux - france (2015).  basic spanish, having lived 3 months in dominican republic (2007).  pdac 2006, 2007, 2008, 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 editions.  london mines and money 2015 edition.  six sigma green belt/stage gate training (5 days - november 2005).  negotiation work shop training (2 days - march 2006) - toronto - canada (march 2006).  economic evaluation of mineral deposits. 5 day course promoted by adimb and lectured by michel doggett (queens university - ca).  strong communication and interpersonal skills allowing excellent performance in team and unsupervised work environments.  acquainted with mapinfo/discovery, arcview and m. office software's.", "work-experience": {"company": "dusolo fertlizers inc - brazil && terrativa minerao - brejinho de nazar, to && avanco minerao - parauapebas, pa && society fo economic geologists and university of braslia - braslia, df && yamana gold inc && castillian resources ltda && falconbridge - bonao - dominican republic && xstrata - so jos, to && canico (now vale) - ourilndia, pr && intergeo geophysics - vazante, pb && geosol - geologia e sondagens ltd - belo horizonte, mg", "job-description": "responsibilities  worked with greenfield project generation and with the technical evaluation/due diligence of joint ventures opportunities (phosphate, potassium and vanadium). successfully participated of the discovery and development of the bomfim phosphate project into production of direct application natural fertilizer in the tocantins state, brasil. drilling, mapping, logging, reporting, bulk sampling and interpretation of geological sections. also was responsible for the exploration program of the company's piau assets (samba and ruth projects). responsible for elaborating news releases drafts. corporative experience presenting projects results to investors in meeting and road shows. && responsibilities consultant in the cro project. performed consulting services helping to conduct the exploration program at its very initial stage of discovery. cro is estimated to have 30mt @ 1.1% ni measured resources && responsibilities worked on nickel project generation and due diligences. included reporting, mapping, chip sampling, stream sediments and channel sampling of the areas visited. also performed core logging of copper targetsrio verde, serra verde and gua boa and antas targets. antas is on implantation stage to produce. && responsibilities funded the braslia students chapter (brasc) at the university of braslia. presently acting as president of the group, helped to organize seminars and a field trip to 10 significant deposits in the craton so francisco  bahia state. the field trip had participation of 13 colombian students and 8 brazilian students. && responsibilities worked as project coordinator on exploration programs prospecting au, ag, cu, co, mn, zn and pb on mundo novo greenstone belt and jacobina group environments  bahia state. participated of the preliminary evaluation of the edinho target (300 thousand ounces) and conducted regional prospecting and scout drilling programs. also worked with local community to improve the companys relations with in the working areas. responsible for monthly technical reports and assistance of visitors && responsibilities worked at the mangabal ni-cu sulfide project in gois  brazil. supervision of exploration and delineation drilling of the deposit and regional targets. helped to implement hsec procedures that completed 14.000 meters drilled with no lost time injury. also put in operation the qaqc procedures and requirements for submission to the 43-101 compliance report. re-logging and interpretation of geological sections used for resource calculation. in addition, supervised the preparation and blending of metallurgical test samples. worked closely with geophysics for targeting (vtem, bhem, tdem, geotem, moving loop, fixed loop and ip methods) and geotechnical studies (weather station, geotechnical ddh and water level monitoring). worked on the final exploration report submitted to dnpm in order to obtain the mining license for the mangabal deposit, on reports for permit extensions and on monthly technical reports. && responsibilities worked under supervision of the international nickel exploration manager on a 3 month assignment (jun-sept 2006) implementing brownfield exploration at the ortega target - falcondo ni laterite deposit - dominican republic. && responsibilities participated of the exploration team that discovered the araguaia belt ni-laterite deposit at the para state (serra do tapa, vale dos sonhos) carrying out geological mapping, line sampling and regional scout drilling. main responsibilities included supervision of delineation and enclosure diamond drilling programs, airborne (mag-rad) and ground field geophysical (gpr) interpretation, material/facies codification for ore modeling, staff trainings, core logging and sampling, detailed geological mapping, trench and pit mapping, tonnage factor calculation, metallurgical sampling and material blending. also assisted to implement the hsec and environmental policy at the project. participated of the quality control (qaqc) and data base reviewing that anticipated the internal audition. weekly and monthly reporting and for accompanying foreign visitors to the project.   part of the team that evaluated the quatipuru ni laterite deposit (30 mt @ 1.4% ni) performing geological mapping, core logging, supervising drilling programs and logistics (july /04 to sept/04). && responsibilities part of the exploration team responsible for the feasibility study of the onca-puma deposit (100 mt @ 2% ni). core logging, detailed geological mapping (1:5000) of the deposits, pit mapping, interpretation of gpr data to correlate borehole info, metallurgical sampling, material blending and reporting. also performed line sampling for pge. && responsibilities worked at the sedex pb-zn project performing regional mapping, target selection and field check of airborne geophysical anomalies (mag-rad). && responsibilities training in conventional and wire-line diamond drilling surveys, having a good understanding of drilling fluids and diamond bits. solid training in safety working environments. reporting as well.", "job title": "exploration manager and vp of business development && consultant && senior geologist && seg - president founder of the braslia students chapter && senior geologist && senior geologist && geologist iii && geologist && junior geologist && trainee && trainee", "job-duration": "november 2011 to august 2015 && october 2011 to november 2011 && april 2011 to september 2011 && april 2010 to june 2011 && april 2009 to january 2010 && june 2007 to february 2009 && june 2006 to september 2007 && june 2004 to june 2007 && june 2003 to december 2003 && november 2002 to november 2002 && may 2002 to june 2002"}, "location": "braslia, df", "education": {"institute": "university of braslia braslia, df && university of brasilia", "school-duration": "2010 to 2012 && june 2003", "qualification": "msc. in econimic geology && b.sc in geology"}, "resume-summary": "busco oportunidades em projetos de pesquisa no setor de minerao"}, {"candidateid": "668", "skills": "pacote office (6 years), autocad (5 years), comos (1 year), chemcad (5 years), aspen hysis (1 year), flowmac (1 year)", "additional-info": "additional informationproactive chemical engineer professional with passion for chemical, physical and biological processes, as well as their interaction. equipped with knowledge to design, manufacture, and operate plants and machinery in industrial chemical and related processes. strong communication and leadership abilities coupled with hands-on experience in leading projects. bilingual communicator in english (advanced) and portuguese (native). proficient in ms office,autocad, chemcad, aspen, piping fluidflow, comos, flowmac. depth of expertise includes: p&id, computer simulation, stoichiometric calculation, heat exchangers, fel methodology, fmea, firefighting systems, ammonia systems.", "work-experience": {"company": "a1 engineering and management - araucria, pr && dex engineering and consulting ltda - curitiba, pr && mendona metallurgical - colombo, pr && pqs environmental solutions ltda - pinhais, pr", "job-description": " developed projects in engineering process, p&id, chemical, physical and biological process definition.  established control parameters, technical standard regulations, tests and simulations of the mass and energetic balance, stoichiometric calculation, pipe size, pumps sizing, heat exchangers.  realized as-built projects.  realized conceptual study for projects with fel methodology.  led projects with team members. &&  developed projects in process engineering, p&id, chemical, physical and biological process definitions,  established control parameters and technical standard regulation.  realized tests and simulations of the mass and energetic balance, stoichiometric calculation, pipe size, pumps sizing, heat exchangers, firefighting systems, ammonia systems.  realized as-built projects.  performed conceptual study of energy cogeneration plant, risk analysis for chemical process (fmea).  led projects and conducted training to several teams. &&  developed a pilot plant for brown sugar and ethanol production, including a technological innovation for whitening brown sugar without changing its flavor and nutrients.  dimensioned unit operations, technical drawings and product feasibility study in the trade. &&  issued reports for inspecting steam generators and emission of gases in the atmosphere.  studied physical chemical analysis of water.  analyzed chimneys for atmospheric emissions  measured doses for chemical products in water treatment and quality control for chemical products.", "job title": "process analyst && chemical process analyst && intern && int", "job-duration": "january 2016 to january 2017 && february 2013 to october 2015 && january 2012 to april 2012 && october 2010 to october 2011"}, "location": "memphis tn", "education": {"institute": "pontifcia universidade catlica do paran (catholic university of the state of paran) curi && pontifcia universidade catlica do paran (catholic university of the state of paran) curitiba, pr", "school-duration": "march 2015 to december 2016 && january 2007 to december 2014", "qualification": "graduated - specialization in engineering project management && bachelor in chemical engineering"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "718", "skills": "agronomia (2 years), office avanado (3 years), ingls fluente (4 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "monsanto company - cachoeira dourada, mg && monsanto company - cachoeira dourada, mg && labtrans/federal university of santa catarina laboratory of logistics and transportation - florianpolis, sc && archer daniels midland - corpus christi, tx, us && grupo de estudos logsticos ufsc - florianpolis, sc", "job-description": " worked in the manufacturing area of foundation seeds of corn and sorghum  supported the management of the field department at the controls of information for operational analysis and quality management processes, traceability and cost controls.  management of field teams, interaction with suppliers and growers partners.  lead projects aimed at continuous improvement of operations, management and production costs. &&  worked in the manufacturing area of foundation seeds of corn and sorghum  monitored the maintenance of quality in the fields of production, processing plant and planning area  developed a project related to the planning of seed production crops &&  support in the development of analyzes on the agricultural bulk cargo operations in port logistics.  preparation of technical reports. &&  worked in the operations management of a grain export facility.  supervised the logistics operations of agricultural commodities in the different modes of transportation.  worked with separation and grain quality control.  training on the market issues of the commodities exported by the facility && florianpolis - brazil  served as project manager for a team which trained people from other groups in business logistics issues.  developed mechanisms to improve the project management of the group.", "job title": "field production agronomist - supply chain && agribusiness internship program - supply chain && intern && internship program - ag services operations management && member and project coordinator, gelog", "job-duration": "january 2016 to present && august 2015 to december 2016 && august 2014 to june 2015 && may 2014 to august 2014 && april 2012 to june 2013"}, "location": "capinpolis, mg", "education": {"institute": "universidade federal de santa catarina florianpolis, sc && kansas state university manhattan, kansas, us", "school-duration": "august 2009 to december 2015 && june 2013 to may 2014", "qualification": "b.s. in agribusiness econ. & management && none"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "341", "skills": "ingls fluente, amplo conhecimento de sistemas de gesto, experincia internacional.", "additional-info": "additional informationmain courses, softwares and qualifications:   ernst & young and kpmg  - m&a transactions - transaction services - us gaap and ifrs - ipo and adr processes - environmental and sustainability audit - capital agenda - carve-out transactions - budgets, projections and forecasts - strategic transactions - sale and purchase agreements - fraud i and ii (prevention and detection) - business combinations, goodwill and other tangible assets - sfas 141r & 160: business combinations and non-controlling interests - financial restructuring - assurance and attestation services - sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 - internal controls over financial reporting (icofr) - us gaap for sec registrants - transfer pricing   petrobras  - taxes (direct and indirect) and governmental takes (oil & gas industry) - strategic tax planning   other courses and softwares  - internal audit on financial institutions (provided by socit gnrale, new york) - investor relationship (provided by vivo) - sap r/3, oracle hyperion (consolidation and reporting), totvs, oracle , microsoft office  languages:  - english: full professional proficiency - spanish and french: limited working proficiency  additional information:  international experience:  - fluent in english with good knowledge of spanish, and currently enhancing skills in french. i have a broad international experience; lived in ny from january 1988 to january 1990; worked at luxembourg in july and august 1999, when involved with a special audit service for banco mercantil de so paulo.  - in march 2002 attended the internal audit training in new york. at kpmg, as audit senior manager responsible for bhp billiton in brazil, ive been in melbourne (australia) in february 2008 for the energy & natural resources audit summit. finally, i went to buenos aires in september 2008 to attend an m&a services training session for executive directors and partners.", "work-experience": {"company": "zipster networks - so paulo, sp && peixe urbano - rio de janeiro, rj && ernst & young - rio de janeiro, rj && nokia siemens networks - rio de janeiro, rj && kpmg - rio de janeiro, rj", "job-description": "as the finance leader and expert at zipster, i led a world-class management team, responsible for providing comprehensive financial insights into the business, while identifying opportunities to improve both the top and bottom line of a company experiencing hyper growth. i worked closely with sales/marketing, tech and operations and responsible for supporting and driving financial planning, budgeting and reporting activities. additionally, supported company's sales and marketing on projects covering a broad range of pricing, growth and profitability initiatives. && accountable for the administrative, financial and risk management operations of the company, it included the development of a financial and operational strategy, metrics tied to that strategy and the ongoing development and monitoring of control systems designed to preserve company assets and report accurate financial results.  i led a team of 25 professionals responsible for the full reorganization and revitalization of financial, tax and administrative departments. responsible for administrative operations, financial and enterprise risk management; develop financial and operational strategies, as well as the continuous monitoring of controls designed systems for preservation of assets and preparation and analysis of kpis and reports.  highlight achievements: (i) implementation of budget and forecast, management and corporate governance tools, (ii) construction and adoption of models of cash flows and cash forecasts [daily, weekly, monthly and yearly] and strategic planning, (iii) preparation of financial statements in us gaap and ifrs for purposes of reporting, and (iv) development, together with legal advisors, the tax strategic planning short and medium term.  main skills: uncompromising integrity and ethical standards financial accounting, cash management and corporate finance competence  basic business knowledge and strong understanding of company operations strategic vision and leadership skills problem-solving abilities communication skills strong work ethic self-confidence and willingness to take a stand results-oriented mindset reliability && i worked with many of the worlds largest corporations, fastest-growing companies, start-up's and private equity firms in some of the most complex deals. leading buy-side and sell-side transaction advisory engagements in brazil, responsible for conduct due diligence projects in domestic and cross-border transactions. buyers and sellers include high-profile private equity and strategic investors from us, europe and asia.  core tasks:  . lead advisory teams on m&a projects (financial due diligence and valuations). . advise on transaction issues, improvement opportunities and possible deal breakers. . prospect clients, local and, mostly, strategic and potential foreign investors. . act as technical consultant and instructor for the assurance and advisory staff and managers. . access and recommend professional resources for assurance and advisory practices.  achievements:  led the audit team of btg pactual group. a complete and comprehensive project that involved the leadership of more than 50 professionals in an environment of affairs of governance, risk management, accounting, financial, tax, labor and social security of complex issues. it comprised the preparation and issuance of approximately 2500 reports annually, audit of more than 20 national and international entities, and about 2,100 investment funds that manage more than us$270 billion in assets.  conducted three large deals. one of them was a buy side due diligence involving two huge brazilian retailers, a transaction of r$500 million. other projects involved recent acquisitions clinched by a large health services group mounting in more than r$1 billion and, the acquisition by the coca-cola company of 40% stake in a large independent producer of carbonated and non-carbonated beverages in so paulo, a deal of r$145 million.  main skills: vision and instinct able to see the big picture people skills decision-making ability leadership superior communication skills && as corporate controller i led a team of 15 professionals, managed the accounting, financial reporting process and played a critical and strategic role in ensuring controlling functions in brazil were run aligned with the overall business strategy of the company in the near and long term. also responsible for provide strategic elements for the cfo decisions. i worked closely with business leaders across the organization to ensure operational commitments, service level agreements and project deadlines were met thoughtfully, timely and accurately.  core tasks:  . monitor and ensure data quality and integrity of financial information (statutory accounts). . manage budgeting and forecasting processes as well as intercompany reconciliation. . prepare annual budgets, forecasts and and monthly financial reporting. . managerial analysis of actual results vs. budget and prior financial periods.  . preparation and manage kpi's: ebitda, capex, nwc, fcf's, dso, dio and dpo. . advise on complex tax issues and work with fiscal authorities. . ensure compliance with nsn's global financial policies (ifrs and usgaap). . risk management: ensure that policies and procedures adhere to best practices. . manage all aspects of the external audit, internal audit and local regulatory reviews. . ensure tax efficiency and business compliance with local tax requirements. . review deferred tax calculation and oversee transfer pricing policies.  main skills: uncompromising integrity and ethical standards financial accounting, cash management and corporate finance competence  basic business knowledge and strong understanding of company operations strategic vision and leadership skills problem-solving abilities communication skills strong work ethic self-confidence and willingness to take a stand results-oriented mindset reliability && lead and conduct audits of accounting systems, procedures and financial statements, manage corporate funding and financial risk, and administer and review corporate compliance activities.  core tasks:  . lead audit and advisory teams and projects. . prospect clients, mainly strategic and institutional foreign investors. . prepare pitches/proposals and reports for clients and other kpmg offices overseas. . act as technical instructor for the audit and advisory staff and new managers. . act as lecturer in external in-company training sessions to audit and advisory clients.  achievements:  led ifrs conversion projects in several companies. assisted the experts to analyze and detect differences between brgaap and ifrs. i led the team in-charge to produce all deliverables related to the diagnostic analysis phase. deliverables were comprised by: business impact studies and a preliminary conversion complexity results report.  cia. hering has also implemented ifrs. i led the overall challenge at kpmg side. this project started on september 2010 and, due to the complexity, completed on march 2011. it was a full implementation project, from the diagnostic analysis, through internal controls, processes, it systems assessment and ended up with consolidated financial statements fully prepared according to ifrs.  advised one of the worlds largest food companies to finally enter into the brazilian food production market. tyson foods was looking for a good opportunity in brazil since mid 90s. in september 2008 tyson acquired three food production companies, an investment around us$200 million. i led the financial, tax and labor due diligence teams on the evaluation of these target companies.  in october 2008, i advised mitsui & co. japan in their intention to increase its stake in multigrain from 25% to 39% voting shares; providing financial, tax and labor due diligence services that allowed mitsui to conclude the deal successfully, a transaction of approximately us$124 million. multigrain is a joint venture, a leading international agribusiness commodities company focused on the expanding of the brazilian agricultural export and import market of soybeans, wheat and sugar.  main skills: vision and instinct able to see the big picture people skills decision-making ability leadership superior communication skills", "job title": "director of finance, administration and hr (currently acting as a senior financial counselor) && chief financial officer && executive director (assurance and m&a advisory services) && corporate controller (service and industrial legal entities) && senior manager (assurance, m&a and accounting advisory services)", "job-duration": "july 2016 to october 2016 && january 2015 to december 2015 && november 2011 to december 2014 && april 2010 to november 2011 && april 2006 to march 2010"}, "location": "so paulo, sp", "education": {"institute": "school of economics, business and accounting at the university of so paulo rio de janeiro, rj && naval academy rio de janeiro, rj && fundao escola de comrcio lvares penteado - fecap-facesp so paulo, sp", "school-duration": "2009 to 2009 && 2004 to 2006 && 1996 to 2001", "qualification": "post-graduation in accounting and finance (international accounting, ifrs and usgaap) && master of business administration (m.b.a.) in master of public administration && bachelor of business administration (b.b.a.) in accounting and related services"}, "resume-summary": "chartered accountant with solid assurance, internal controls, compliance, risk management, accounting, controlling and tax skills. i acted as a post-graduation lecturer on controlling, auditing and tax planning at mackenzie rio university. my background come across a wide variety of industries, in which i developed a comprehensive understanding of international and local tax and accounting practices.  i've been working with assurance (attestation), accounting, controlling, tax and financial advisory services since 1996. during the last 20 years, i've been involved in more than 80 m&a transactions and performed audit services to over than 100 companies. i also provided ifrs, usgaap and brazilian corporate law training and seminars to clients and staff.  why me?  because i'm forewarned, always plan before go ahead; a characteristic of reflective nature. i'm always looking for complex challenges and opportunities. quite moderate, with strong sense of responsibility, autonomy, motivation and team player. skeptical by nature, i work under \"boots on the ground\" concept. reserved style, dynamic, highly motivated with a solid proactive attitude (hands on) and very demanding. i provide and charge for consistency and high quality performance and results.  my professional goals:  short term: (i) leadership position preferably in the financial area, and (ii) be part of a consistent, daring and business plan that provides good prospects for my professional development. medium term: for the next three years: to continue preparing myself, updating technical and administrative skills and seize all the opportunities that arise to progress in work. long term: five years ahead: be able to look back, feel satisfied with the choices and decisions i made, and high-minded to move forward."}, {"candidateid": "301", "skills": "english  full proficiency, spanish  elementary proficiency, portuguese  native proficiency", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "move2cloud - so paulo, sp && vonage brasil - so paulo, sp && uoldiveo - so paulo, sp && cma  consultoria, mtodos, assessoria e mercantil s/a - so paulo, sp && diveo do brasil telecomunicaes ltda. (now uoldiveo s.a.) - so paulo, sp && vicom s.a. (now bt - british telecom) - alphaville, sp", "job-description": "act as sales technical support, translating the customer needs to our company product portfolio. technical proposal, technical puzzle solver, technical presentations, pre and post sales and customer relationship.  aws, azure, google cloud platform, cloud adoption, workload migration, it transformation, sales support, cloud operation, data center. && responsabilidades - management of the operation to support the business startup in brazil. support the sales, customer care, marketing and finance teams on technology subjects and brazilian market; - manage cross-functional third-party partners, which include data center providers, billing system application, web cms application and telecom carriers, to ensure the delivery of projects, solutions, sla and kpis; - track and monitor the kpis and sla for the technology operation of the business; - support the office backend technology. && responsabilidades - management the operation area of the telecommunication business unit, with over 1200 customers and 4000 links/circuits, leader of more than 50 employees located in seven major cities, ensuring the sla (service-level agreement) for those customers; - in charge for the operation, maintenance and management of the backbone with 46 high capacity nodes and over 2000 pop (points of presence); - support for the telecommunication business unit in the implementation of the computer associates technologies software suite for infrastructure management; - support the process & systems team, to review and deploy of the processes of the telecommunication business unit; - technical management of usd 2 million/year for maintenance and support contracts. && responsabilidades - manage the operation of the telecommunication and data center business unit, which include the areas of customer deployment, real state, facilities, networks and field services. leading this multidisciplinary team to support the pre-sales, sales and finance. - development and implementation of the process for pre-sales, technical feasibility and customer deployment; - review of the operations team process to ensure the sla (service-level agreement) for the business unit products; - development and implementation of standardized products for telecom and data center networks for the business unit; - infrastructure restructuring in the high capacity nodes of the microwave radio backbone, and research for points-of-presence for the backbone expansion; - prospecting for new suppliers and technologies for improving the ip/mpls backbone, metro ethernet backbone and data center network; - network optimization based in microwave radio. && responsabilidades - leader of the change management process, for a high availability data center and telecom backbone; - research and planning for growth and changes of one high capacity and high availability telecom backbone;  - technical support for the operation, pre-sales, sales teams and customers; - acted as interface for the engineer team and the products team, for development and release of new products; - developing and managing trainings of new technologies and products for the operations team. position history:  jan/2010  senior network engineer  dec/2005  senior network support analyst  dec/2000  network support analyst  sep/1999  field services technician. && none", "job title": "cloud solution architect && it operations manager && telecom operation manager && telecom manager && senior network engineer && senior field services technician", "job-duration": "january 2016 to present && july 2014 to march 2015 && february 2012 to may 2013 && august 2010 to february 2012 && october 1999 to august 2010 && september 1994 to september 1999"}, "location": "so paulo, sp", "education": {"institute": "fia - sp so paulo, sp && puc - sp so paulo, sp && etep - sjc so jos dos campos, sp", "school-duration": "2007 to 2008 && 1998 to 2004 && 1990 to 1994", "qualification": "mba in project administration && bachelor in electrical engineer && technician in electronic"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "716", "skills": "biomedical research background, glp, excellent oral and written skills, interpersonal skills, influencer, analytical, communicative, fluent english. computer, office (10+ years)", "additional-info": "additional informationtechnical skills clinical / regulatory: brazilian anvisa, emea, fda, ich comprehension. gcp, glp and gclp guidelines  virology: rna+ genetic engineering, in vitro transcription of rna+ virus, cell-based virus neutralization and titration assays, tcid50, growth-curves, cpe, serology, microscopy molecular biology: dna/rna techniques, molecular cloning, ngs sequencing, expression and purification of monoclonal antibodies, qrt-pcr, nested-pcr, western blotting immunology: multi-colour flow cytometry, b-cell facs sorting, t-cell elispot, ics, elisa, immunofluorescence, immunophenotyping, in vivo mouse model challenge assays  others: clinical assay stability, qc charts, qualification/validation, analytical plan and reports, electronic spreadsheets validation, good documentation practices, capa, inventories, sops", "work-experience": {"company": "glaxosmithkline (gsk) - rio de janeiro, rj && aaron diamond aids research center - new york, ny && national reference laboratory for enteroviruses, oswaldo cruz foundation, fiocruz, brazil - rio de janeiro, rj && state university of rio de janeiro, microbiology laboratory, medical sciences department - rio de janeiro, rj && molecular biology of flavivirus laboratory, oswaldo cruz foundation, fiocruz, brazil - rio de janeiro, rj && molecular biology of flavivirus laboratory, oswaldo cruz foundation, fiocruz, brazil - rio de janeiro, rj && microbiology laboratory, medical sciences department, state university of rio de janeiro - rio de janeiro, rj && microbiology laboratory, medical sciences department, state university of rio de janeiro - rio de janeiro, rj", "job-description": " provided technical /scientific support to the implementation of laboratory clinical testing - neutralization assay (microprn) and molecular biology (qrt-pcr) - in external partner (brazilian government research institute) for a phase i inactivated dengue vaccine clinical trial.   liaison with scientific experts and technological managers, promoting communication between gsk vaccines (belgium) and fiocruz (bio-manguinhos, rj), gsk brazil internal stakeholders, clinical operation team and medical affairs.  negotiation with key leader partners. corporate representation and support to the collaborative research and development agreement preserving the ethical and scientific standards set by the company.   coordinated technical meetings and teleconferences with multi-professional teams in order to align global directives and project milestones.   assisted local partners` management to ensure compliance with agreed company`s policies and standards.  writing and review of assay and electronic laboratory records qualification/validation documents in regard to assays. analytical plans, report documents, standard operating procedures (sops) and all necessary documentation for tech transfer process.  identified performance issues, performed follow-up of audits and assisted local management on the definition of root-causes and implementation of preventive/corrective action plans (capa).  follow-up of purchase in line with external vendors and importation process / custom release.  assisted on the implementation of quality control actions and good documentation and good clinical laboratory practices in accordance with emea, fda and brazilian national regulatory authority (anvisa) guidelines.  lectured as a corporative representative in company`s event at the federal fluminense university (uff/rj) to post-graduation course on entrepreneurship in science and technology. && project title: cloning and expression of specific monoclonal antibodies to malaria and dengue in a cd4+t and b-cell humanized mice model   received training to work in compliance with us federal laws and regulations for biological safety and good laboratory practices (glp).  designed and implemented single b-cell antibody technology including all steps: b-lymphocytes identification and isolation by facs sorting, single-cell ig gene transcript amplification and cloning, sequencing, and expression in human cell lineages. goal was to produce low-toxicity, high-selective and target-specific molecules.   developed mice model with human immune system as a tool to study human infectious diseases and production of totally human monoclonal antibodies as immunotherapy strategy.   analyzed antibody repertoire by sanger and next-generation sequencing (ngs) in collaboration with rockefeller genomics resource center.  follow-up of multiple projects and scientific discussions in aids/hiv research, syncytial respiratory virus (rsv) and adjuvant research in vaccine formulations.   provided regular reports and lectured internal scientific meetings.   research of alternative suppliers and new products / technologies in the market resulting in improved delivery times, product performance and project efficiency.  preparation and development of technical protocols. liaison with suppliers, partners and external project sponsors.  published 1 paper in journal of immunological methods.  supervision, management and maintenance of cell banks. && responsibilities project title: cloning and expression of non-structural genes of enterovirus and flavivirus in order to obtain recombinant proteins for diagnostic purpose    detected specific-antibodies for west nile virus (flavivirus) in sera of suspected cases of aseptic meningitis by viral neutralization assays (tcid50 and prnt);  performed cloning and expression of poliovirus gene coding for 3c protease for obtention of a marker of recent primary infection in immunoenzymatic assays for the diagnosis of poliomyelitis;   began studies for the development a conventional pcr assay for detection of west nile virus by semi-nested reverse-transcriptase pcr;   performed construction of non-infectious rna transcripts to be used as positive control in rt-pcr tests for the diagnosis of meningitis caused by flavivirus  - assisted on the organization of inventory, stocks and protocol updates && responsibilities  lectured medical microbiology classes to more than 30 undergraduated students;   worked with professors for exam preparation and grading;  held office hours and review sessions for exam preparation. && project title: development of live-attenuated recombinant yellow fever viruses 17dd as vector for chagas vaccine  designed, constructed and characterized new recombinant yellow fever virus (yf 17dd) vaccine platforms by the use of yf full-length infectious clone plasmid;   assisted in the development of t-cell immune response assays (elispot and intracellular staining);  performed susceptibility tests in c57bl/6 mice against t. cruzi parasites infection;  elaborated protocols to the committee on the ethics of animal experiments (ceua) of oswaldo cruz foundation for mice experimentation approval;  elaborated and revised standard operating procedures (sop) for several molecular biology assays;  lectured in the vaccines against infectious diseases post-graduation course to 30 students at the oswaldo cruz foundation;   published 1 first-author paper in plos one journal;   presented posters at the main national conferences in brazil, including the annual reunion of the national institute of science and technology of vaccines and xxxvii congress of the brazilian society of immunology;  attended the xlviii congress of the brazilian society of tropical medicine, rio de janeiro from sept 23 to 27, 2012;   invited to give a presentation at the anti-protozoan vaccines session in the 4th annual world congress of vaccine (wcv-march 2012) in beijing, china;  abstract accepted for poster session at the 31st annual meeting american society of virology held in university of wisconsin, madison (july, 2012);  co-oriented scientific intern students &&  designed and generated several recombinant yf 17dd virus expressing heterologous proteins (chagas, dengue and malaria) in different yf genetic regions (envelope, ns1 and ns3 non-structural proteins) by the use of yf full-length infectious clone plasmid;  characterized recombinant viruses by growth curves and titration assays. established genetic stability of viral passages in vero cells;   developed single-mixtures (formulations) of recombinant yf 17dd virus expressing antigens in different cell-compartments for vaccination in a/j mice;   developed and implemented elispot assays to quantify the ifn- producing-t cells in the spleen and lymph nodes of mice;   performed intracerebral inoculation of mice to evaluate viral neurovirulence;   assessed the involvement of neutralizing antibodies production and protection in mice model;  performed indirect immunofluorescence assay to investigate epitope expression in infected cells;  published 1 first-author paper in virology journal;  received training for new technologies in vaccines at the federal university of so paulo, brazil (jun 2010)   received training for bsl-2 lab work;  provided lab training for scientific intern students;  lectured molecular biology classes and provided lab training to post-graduation students;   presented posters at brazilian national virology conferences. &&  performed pcr for phylogenetic typing of enteroaggregative escherichia coli strains from three different geographic regions of brazil;  performed and interpreted random amplification of polymorphic dna (rapd) assays for genetic characterization of enteroaggregative escherichia coli samples;  performed antimicrobial susceptibility tests;   received training in clinical microbiology analysis (diagnostic bacteriology and clinical laboratory immunology) at the university hospital of rio de janeiro (pedro ernesto);  published 1 paper in plosone journal;  collaborated with projects involving molecular analysis of food and environmental escherichia coli and aeromonas strains;  presented posters at brazilian national microbiology conferences. &&  developed scientific project and defended senior thesis;  organized and maintained culture stocks of human escherichia coli samples;   prepared sterile medium culture for bacteria growth;  performed gram staining for bacteria identification;  performed pcr for enteropathogenic markers in isolates of diarrheagenic escherichia coli;   awarded with honor of merit by the state university of rio de janeiro, brazil (jun 2001);  presented posters at the university scientific intern reunions.", "job title": "expert scientist / medical coordinator && postdoctoral fellow && postdoctoral && graduate assistant professor && postdoctoral && phd student && master student && scientific intern", "job-duration": "march 2015 to march 2016 && november 2013 to january 2015 && february 2013 to october 2013 && february 2012 to march 2013 && december 2011 to december 2012 && september 2006 to february 2011 && march 2002 to may 2004 && february 1999 to january 2002"}, "location": "new york, ny", "education": {"institute": "pontifical catholic university of rio de janeiro rio de janeiro, rj && invitare rio de janeiro, rj && oswaldo cruz foundation, fiocruz rio de janeiro, rj && state university of rio de janeiro, brazil rio de janeiro, rj && state university of rio de janeiro rio de janeiro, rj", "school-duration": "2016 to 2016 && 2016 to 2016 && 2006 to 2011 && 2002 to 2004 && 1998 to 2002", "qualification": "university extension in project management and negotiation skills && professional training on clinical research in clinical research && phd in science in cellular and molecular biology && msc in microbiology and immunology, clinical bacteriology && bs in biological sciences, cum laude in biological sciences"}, "resume-summary": "scientific researcher / molecular biology / virologist/ medical coordinator / manager / medical science liaison"}, {"candidateid": "453", "skills": "subsea engineering, engineering, design engineering, offshore, manufacturing, structural analysis, mathcad, cad, hydraulics, structural engineering, autocad, oil & gas industry, commissioning, calculations, ansys, metal fabrication, solidworks, materials, project engineering, mechanical engineering, finite element analysis", "additional-info": "additional informationive been working on projects since 1994, and in the last 2 decades have been involved with new concepts, creation and development of subsea engineering equipment.   qualified senior structural engineer with 19 years of subsea experience working for subsea 7 and for clients as halliburton, shell, technip, aker solutions, fmc, kbr and petrobras, on subsea equipment design, fabrication support, subsea commissioning, seafastening, rigging design, rov interface design and accessories for subsea installation.  substantial knowledge of structural engineering used for subsea projects: analytical calculation, structural analysis, vendor selection, review, testing, commissioning.  responsible to designing subsea equipment, designing structures and lead engineers within projects.  computer literate: with experience using 3d modeling software, autocad, staad pro, ansys, ms suite, mathcad, computer programming and more.  during my career ive dedicated to developing state-of-art technology and solutions for the offshore industry, integrating electronic and computing software in my projects. ive continuously been promoted to positions of greater responsibility with higher levels of challenge. ive also have offshore experience.", "work-experience": {"company": "subsea 7 - rio de janeiro, rj && subsea 7 - rio de janeiro, rj && els engineering and subsea projects ltd - rio de janeiro, rj && symmetry ltda - rio de janeiro, rj", "job-description": "responsibilities responsibilities are to design subsea equipment and structures, perform analysis and structural verification, write design reports or technical notes.  experience with several types of structures for subsea/vessel applications, design of subsea connector, devices & mechanisms, lifting design, lifting calculation, lifting devices verification, seafastening, skids for offshore transportation, rov equipment interfaces, rov tools and accessories, support for manufacturing, elaborating shop drawings, 3d modeling for design and fea verifications, specify dimensional tolerances, specify paint, specify material and load test.  some major projects and activities:  bc10 phase 3 responsible for design the structures, devices, spreader bar for umbilical reel (300mt), clump weight, lifting devices & adaptors, vessel seafastening, material specification, fabrication support, drawing office support, offshore support, producing design reports and coordinating engineers on several projects, calculations and reporting.   bc10 phase 3 (cocr009)  repositioning of electrical submersible pump (esp caisson) the scope above is based on the use of the skandi neptune vessel crane, in conjunction with a 700m long synthetic pennant, and on the design, fabrication and onboard assembly of a hangoff platform, which will withstand the esp caisson assemblies during transit.  responsible for design the equipment, including the hang-off support for subsea transportation of esps, skids, devices and structures, lifting devices using static and dynamic buoys, material specification, fabrication support, drawing office support, offshore support, vessel seafastening and producing design reports.  skills used subsea engineering, finete element analysis, mechanical engineering, project engineering, structural engineering, materials, ansys, staad pro, mathcad, solidworks, autocad, metal fabrication, calculations, manufacturing, doc controller. && responsibilities guara & lula ne the guar and lula ne project consist of the complete development of a field in the pre-salt area outside the coast of rio de janeiro in 2200m water depth. the field comprises of one floating production storage and offloading vessel and two buoyancy supported risers systems. petrobras is the operator. i worked on guara & lula as technical specialist: responsible for design devices, structures, abandonment and recovery heads, skids, subsea tools such as subsea connector for riser installation, lifting calculation, vessel seafastening (suction piles, counterweights, tether reel, top connector, etc), material specification, fabrication support, drawing office support and producing design reports.  p-55 (roncador field) the project consists of two 12 rigid steel pipelines, one 38.8 km long gas export pipeline and another 42.0 km long oil export pipeline. it was a full epic (engineering, procurement, installation and commissioning) scope.  responsible for design the steel bridges & locker systems, sleepers, chain locker for suction pile, skids, structures, valve tool, pull heads, lifting & rigging calculation, load test, vessel seafastening and producing design reports.  i designed a new way to transport steel bridges & sleepers. combining similar models and thus, transporting 03 equipment together within space of one. the number of offshore vessel trips was reduced.  day rate contracts the projects for day rate contracts consist of complete support to vessel operations for petrobras.  responsible for design devices, structures pull heads, skids, lifting & rigging calculation, load test, vessel seafastening and producing design reports as well.  accomplishments the design of steel bridge with the innovative locker system, reduced the time of subsea installation of grout bag (max 12h) to 1h, thus bringing a great vessel time-saving for the p-55 project (about us$ 4 millions).  skills used subsea engineering, finete element analysis, mechanical engineering, project engineering, structural engineering, materials, ansys, staad pro, mathcad, solidworks, autocad, metal fabrication, calculations, manufacturing, doc controller. && responsibilities responsibilities are to design new ideas, concepts devices and developing mechanical equipment and structures.   experience with check valves, hotstabs, receptacles, hub caps, suction pile contingence caps, rov interfaces, rov tools and accessories, api & asme flanges, plrs & pig catchers, grayloc seals and components, contract the manufacturing company, support for manufacturing, elaborating shop drawings, 3d modeling, dimensional tolerances, paint, specify material and load test.  skills used subsea engineering, mechanical engineering, project engineering, structural engineering, materials, solidworks, autocad, metal fabrication, calculations, manufacturing, doc controller. && responsibilities responsibilities was to create and designed the mechanical concept of idp (intelligent dynamic positioning system for vessels), which was awarded by firjan (industrial federation of rio de janeiro) and received a premium cash value of us$ 250k.  responsible to designing the pressure step: a cutting edge solution to measure the weight of particulate solid materials contained in transport silos even in moving ships.   responsible to designing the inclinometer: a continuous real-time monitoring, alarming and data acquisition system device as deployed in a mooring application. experience with offshore equipment, integrating electronic and computing software, mechanical devices, fabrication support, shop drawings, 3d modeling, dimensional tolerances, paint, specify material and pressure test.  accomplishments the idp (intelligent dynamic positioning system for vessels) awarded by firjan (industrial federation of rio de janeiro) a premium cash value of us$ 250k due inovative industrial equipment.  skills used subsea engineering, mechanical engineering, project engineering, structural engineering, materials, solidworks, autocad, metal fabrication, calculations, manufacturing, doc controller.", "job title": "senior structural engineer && technical specialist && project manager (mechanical engineering division) && project manager (mechanical engineering division)", "job-duration": "june 2010 to present && june 2010 to june 2015 && july 2008 to march 2010 && august 2004 to july 2008"}, "location": "rio de janeiro, rj", "education": {"institute": "universidade santa rsula rio de janeiro, rj && ansys reference center (esss - engineering simulation and scientific software) rio de janeiro, rj && universidade federal do rio de janeiro  ufrj  coppe rio de janeiro, rj && centro universitrio da cidade rio de janeiro, rj && mechanical technology center euvaldo lodi rio de janeiro, rj && mechanical technology center euvaldo lodi rio de janeiro, rj && tamandar rio de janeiro, rj", "school-duration": "2010 to 2015 && 2010 to 2011 && 2010 to 2010 && 1999 to 2002 && 1994 to 1995 && 1992 to 1994 && 1988 to 1991", "qualification": "graduate in mechanical engineering && specialization in static structural analysis using ansys && specialization in offshore oil production and exploration && graduate in computing && specialization in plastic molds mechanical project designer && specialization in mechanical designer && high schooll"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "717", "skills": "skills and competences wide knowledge of supply chain activities (sourcing, manufacturing, asset management, warehousing, distribution); ability to analyze and translate complex opportunities into clear value propositions and risk analysis; ability to develop economic models for investments and divestment's with a good understanding of value chain analysis and project economics; track-recording of delivery with cross-functional teams; ability to recognize links between wide ranging issues with the skill to develop overviews and propose solutions under changing circumstances; comfortable with excel files, crossing information with other references and breaking down into useful information to help drive procurement development; analytical thinking with a solid relationship building capability; logical/structured/dynamics thinking; great with people and building alliances/relationships; excellent communication and influencing skills, strong personal drive to solve problems, overcome obstacles and deliver results; professional qualifications: executive english - canadian college of english language - 2010; strategic sourcing - mpower group - 2010; foreign trade - universidade federal fluminense - 2008; negociation stiles - marcondes consultores - 2006; environnement achats (psa - france) - 2005; softwares windows - advanced user; office (word, excel, power point, access, outlook) - advanced user; microsoft project - intermediate user; sap mm - advanced user; oracle - intermediate user; ltus notes - intermediate user; languages english - fluent; spanish and french - basic;", "additional-info": "additional informationfourteen years experience in strategic sourcing and procurement working collaboratively with internal and external stakeholders and leading teams to create and implement strategic sourcing strategies, developing multiple sourcing options, contracts and executing of sourcing/procurement plans for key categories by working for french, british, american, finnish, and brazilian companies on automobile, oil & gas and mining segments. furthermore, mbas on supply chain management and economical and financial engineering and fluent english finishes the profile. currently working on brazilian offshore company considered one of the most traditional on its segment with consolidated presence on brazilian market of shipping.", "work-experience": {"company": "astromaritima s.a - rio de janeiro, rj && wrtsil do brasil - rio de janeiro, rj && vale s/a - rio de janeiro, rj && fmc technologies - rio de janeiro, rj && project expeditor  - rio de janeiro, rj && psa peugeot citron do brasil - rio de janeiro, rj", "job-description": "main activities:  responsible for local and intenational procurement, importation process, special import regimes local logistics and storage management;  defining sourcing strategies, planning and procurement activities on purchasing categories;  procurement activities by focusing on the final product value adding through reducing costs, ensuring delivery reliability and quality levels in combination with financial and sales departments;  supporting to sales team with costs calculation and special import regimes strategies;  directly working corabolativelly with operations team for attending its needs and urgencies; achieved results:  participation on purchase politics creation and implementation;  creation and implementation of sourcing strategy and actions for sourcing implementation;  negotiation and implementation of long term agreements with saving average of 20%;  storage organization with safe stock implementation and minimum stock calculation;  outline agreement sap management and mrp stocks management implementation; && main activities:  define sourcing strategies, planning and procurement activities on purchasing categories;  create knowledge by using strategic sourcing methodology within research and analysis of the technical scope of supply and market analysis;  research and creation of knowledge, strategic information and market footprinting through market overview process with consolidation and data analysis for supporting decision making. rfx process;  analysis and definition of the company position on local market by having in consideration swot analysis of company, supply base and market enviroment;  definition of strategies and goals for market approaching and feedback thought measurement and analysis of the results achieved by applying such strategy. risk analysis and mitigation plan definition;  defining and implementing structural end to end supply chain in the region, including asset investment projects, end to end network optimization, long term agreements (master purchase agreements) and partnerships;  procurement activities by focusing on the final product value adding through reducing costs, ensuring delivery and quality levels in combination with financial and logistics departments;  negotiation of non-disclosure agreements, preparation of requests for quotation, commercial and technical offers analysis and negotiation, supply agreements negotiation, purchase order issuing and suppliers follow up on assessment/development/delivery processes;  responsible for local content strategies and development of procedures in combination with drawback legislation oportunities;  define internal and also suppliers procedures of local content and drawback process. control of procedures and documents for customers audits;  development of new sources of supply by finding, developing and managing new suppliers;  extention of foreign supply agreements with material planning and importation;  reporting to regional business managers and global business team also; achieved results:  creation and implementation of market overview process also creating knowledge about brazilian market of metal constructions, castings and forgings;  creation and implementation of local sourcing strategy for categories of purchasing by using strategic soucing tools and metodologies;  implementation of sourcing of supply as result of the local sourcing strategy in combination with local content rules/requirements and drawback legislation;  creation of local content and drawback procedures and apply it internaly and also at suppliers;  participation on creation and implementation of global category strategy with presentation of local report results on category meetings on finland, netherlands and italy;  negotiation and signature of several non-disclosure/strategic supply agreements;  implementation of in company store for main consumable used by customer support operation; && responsabilidades elaboration of request for quotation, proposal analysis, negociation, choice of supplier, supplying implementation and global category management; elaboration and implementation of global category strategy; developing competitor supply chain and identifying new opportunities by external perspectives; supplier and technical assistance development with regards to global category of purchasing; analysis, definition and implementation of actions to supply chain for total cost ownership improvement;  realizaes carrying out of sourcing valued at 75m brl with final reduction of 19% from inicial cost; participation at global category strategy development and elaboration; && main activities:  responsible for the implementation and coordination of procurement activities on business unit including its adaptation to specific operation needs, management of activities and reports;  procurement team coordinator on projects bid process, capex investments, services contracts and direct & indirect parts purchaning;  coordination of procurement workflow implementation into new business unit with process customization regarding customer supports operations needs.  offshore/onshore equipments buying and rental, spares parts procurement, services contracting, proposals evaluation in local and foreign markets;  supplier development for offshore/onshore equipments and services;  cost control, lead time followup/expediting and suppliers' quality coordination;  end to end activities by focusing on the final product value adding through reducing costs, ensuring delivery and quality levels. bid preparation to final customers;  interaction with finance, planning and project areas and constant knowledge sharing with the local team; achieved results:  documentation templates creating and implementation, workflow development and modeling;  lead time reduction of purchase orders issuing from 30 to 20 days;  increase of number of purchase orders on time delivery from 75% to 93%;  implementation and improvement of procurement activities achieving costs, quality and lead times goals estabished by internal customer;  development and implementation of procedures for purchasing activities related to specific business unit; && responsabilidades suppliers development and expediting - raw material, equipments and services; parts and equipments aquisition, proposals evaluation and choise of suppliers; suppliers  technical documentation preparation and updating (production schedules, draft documentation, drawings, procedures and standards) including project upgrades; supplier production expediting, schedule's problems predicting and evaluation, action plan preparation with options for troubleshooting; root cause treatment;  realizaes implementation of expediting process and organization for brazilian projects; intercompany information flow implementation and improvement between rio de janeiro (br), newcastle (uk) and panam city (us) sites regarding expediting issues; delivery schedule implementation for strategic equipments with regard to company's operations ensuring monthly revenue forecast; local raw material supply implementation; && main activities:  automotive parts projects coordination and costs reduction in engine projects;  national and international suppliers development;  project process follow up, risk analisys and project modifications management;  latin america buyer for forging parts, casting parts, stamping parts, machining services, suspension modules assembly and its components, responsible for business amount of 110 meuro per year;  new sources of supply development in latin america for imported parts;  long term supply management for serial parts production;  assembly process outsoursing;  global sourcing development; achieved results:  2% of annual saving applied on business amount of 45meuros per year resulted by cost negociation;  500keuros of annual saving on business amount of 2meuros per year resulted by local content integration;  annual saving of 1,5% applied on business amount of 75meuros per year resulted by contract negociation;  annual saving of 1,8% applied on business amount of 18meuros per year resulted by cost negociation;  forging parts local integration, including casting parts and machining parts, resulting in 2meuros of saving per year applied on an annual business amount of 20meuros;  outsoursing process development resulting an annual saving of 2meuros;", "job title": "supply chain manager && sourcing and supply development && strategic supply chain analist && supplier's coordinator/supply chain analist && wellstream international limited && latin america buyer", "job-duration": "december 2015 to present && december 2011 to november 2015 && march 2011 to november 2011 && july 2008 to march 2011 && march 2007 to june 2008 && november 2003 to february 2007"}, "location": "niteri, rj", "education": {"institute": "universidade federal fluminense niteri, rj && universidade federal fluminense niteri, rj && centro universitrio plnio leite niteri, rj", "school-duration": "2011 to 2013 && 2006 to 2006 && 2001 to 2004", "qualification": "mba in business logistics and supply chain management && mba in economical and financial engineering && graduao in bachelor of computer science"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "718", "skills": "fluent in english, spanish and german", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "siemens enterprise communications - mexico && siemens enterprise communications (now unify communications) - so paulo, sp && siemens ltda. - so paulo, sp && intervoice inc (now convergys) - so paulo, sp && siemens enterprise communications (now unify) - so paulo, sp && siemens enterprise communications (now unify) - so paulo, sp", "job-description": " responsible for redesigning local operations, aligned to the companys global standards, increasing market share and brand awareness.  main objectives of this period are - reengineer all the mexican operation according to the company definitions - increase the market share to values similar to the other latin-american operations - rebuild the company brand in the telecommunication marketplace  main achievements:  company had higher market share growth in 2011, reaching +52% in the total market and +69% in the pure telephony.  over 200% increase compared with 2010 in ip telephony   company now fully aligned with the company standards according to internal audits from hq  habilidades  ability in integrating pre-sales, sales and post-sales processes, using full project management concepts and systems (crm and erp) integration  experience in a multicultural and multi regional environment.  expertise in analyses method, design and business processes implantation, aiming productivity increase, cost reduction and market share growth.  very good presentation and verbal/written communications skills  very strong interpersonal skills  self motivated, driven and able to work autonomously && responsabilidades full responsible for 4 areas   sales branches ( 9 branches poa , cur , sao , cam , rio , bsa , bhz , sal ; rec ) , leading more than 250 persons;  vertical strategy- central area responsible for vertical sales strategy across the branches;  bid management : central area responsible support all sales branches to deliver complex projects;  project management, central area responsible for project management of all sales branches  realizaes main achievements per area  sales branches:   attainment in all years of sales targets , with 23 % better year;    development and implementation of customer segmentation project , which basically separated the customer base , considering 2 criteria : siemens revenue in the ustomer and dependence on technology . based on these criteria, we have defined five customers categories, from transactional clients ( small revenue / low tech dependence) to the most important (high revenue and high tech dependency ) . as results of this initiative, it was possible:     o development of new compensations plans , according to the customer category , increasing sales in hunters models and reducing costs in the farmers models ,   o transfer of contracts for indirect channels, contracts whose cost of care was too high compared to the revenue . the reduction in revenue was largely compensated by the margin increase and cost of care.   bid management:  definition and implementation of central area responsible for the support/ preparation of complex projects, that were previously done by each sales branches. this centralization provided a 35% reduction in the cost of generation offers  definition and implementation of the following internal projects :   bid management process creation of whole sales process, containing all phases since the go go acquisition decision , bid no bid , bid approval , project definition and order entry . all projects delivered by the company mandatory followed all phases described above   consultative selling process definition and implementation of consultative sales methodology implemented in all sales branches, that associated with the bid management process mentioned above, provided a 15% reduction in the cost of customers attention and increased the number of projects won in 5 % margin increase of 10%   inside sales implementation of the concept and central area , responsible for increasing the number of leads through pre-defined personalized attention to customers .  this way, the account managers could focus on more important steps of the projects   implementation salesforce salesforce crm deployment in all sales branches, covering all sales process stages.   project management  definition and implementation of the project management process in all sales branches, through 2 main initiatives:   implementation of a pmo ( project management office ) , with the objective to plan, do , check and act ( pdca cycle ) in the whole company sales process;    implementation of all process defined by the pmo , focused on scope, deployment time and financial result.   both initiatives together have reduced the deployment time in 30% and increased the margin in 20%  habilidades  ability in integrating pre-sales, sales and post-sales processes, using full project management concepts and systems (crm and erp) integration  experience in a multicultural and multi regional environment.  expertise in analyses method, design and business processes implantation, aiming productivity increase, cost reduction and market share growth. && responsabilidades  responsible for the sales area of the material handling,    market evaluation, looking for new businesses opportunities;   negotiation with the headquarters on the transference price to brazil and establishment/maintenance of a network of contacts;    restructuring of the channel distribution ecosystem   creation of a new incentive plan in order to stimulate new business  realizaes successfully introduced a whole sales process concept, including leading generation, bid no-bid evaluation, value generation, account management, account planning, weekly forecast review and opportunity management.  definition and implementation of a sales compensation plan, responsible for the retentions of the technical talents, converting them into aggressive sales account managers  leading the siemens one initiative in the food and beverage group, i had the opportunity to integrate different business units, increasing the competitiveness of the presented proposals.  - refrigerated distribution center ( -18 celsius to main offd company in brazil, including conveyors , transelevators , metallic racks and wms software ; - distribution center to main retail company in brasil , including conveyors , automated sorters, automation, picking and wns software ; - distribution center to main transportation company in brasil, including conveyors, automated sorters , automation and integration with system management  habilidades - ability in integrating pre-sales, sales and post-sales processes, using full project management concepts  - keen concept of project management  - very good presentation and verbal/written communication skills   - strong sales processes concept && responsabilidades  responsible for the channels in chile, argentina, brazil, colombia, peru, venezuela and mexico  develop and manage channel and solution partner engagements to drive revenues.  engage partner sales / account teams to identify opportunities for new business.   develop, manage, and report on partner sales funnel.  work hand-in-hand with partners through entire sales process including sales collateral, joint customer presentations, tender preparation, pricing, negotiating, contracting, etc.   assure partners knowledge of new products, features, roadmap, providing regular training.  close deals and supervise deployments until invoicing and collection is completed.   realizaes  evolution to the market share in brazil from almost 0 to second position  increased the volume and margin of the projects sold to distributors outside brasil  habilidades  experience in a multicultural and multi regional environment  very good presentation and verbal/written communication skills && responsabilidades  responsible for financial vertical leading 12 sales reps and afterword (10/1998 to 11/ 1999) utilities vertical , leading 8 sales reps   implement defined sales process within territory available resources  identify and pursue new business opportunities  develop an integrated strategy for successfully achieving new business quota  articulate appropriate value proposition to the industry as well as competitive positioning  work with marketing and product management as required to provide customer feedback and requirements  it was the moment when i moved to sales organization, responsible for the vertical sales segmentation. at this time, vertical markets segmentation was a innovative initiative in the marketplace, but mainly inside the company, bringing together a lot of challenges.  period of the consolidation of the sales management skills, creating and leading a very aggressive sales team.  establishment of important alliances with companies specialized in these markets, in order to increase the solutions portfolio   realizaes  1998 - sale call center for main credit card company in brazil, which was the first major sale of siemens in this market : value : $ 3m  1999  data infrastructure to main power generator/distributor in brazil : u.s. $ 15m  habilidades  very good presentation and verbal/written communication skills.   strong sales processes concept  expertise in analyses method, design and business processes implantation, aiming productivity increase, cost reduction and market share growth. && responsabilidades several functions inside the product management area, starting from a product manager engineer to the national product manager director  - managing the entire product line life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities  - specifying market requirements for current and future products by conducting market research supported by on-going visits to customers and non-customers.  - driving a solution set across development teams (primarily development/engineering, and marketing communications) through market requirements, product contract, and positioning.  - developing and implementing a company-wide go-to-market plan, working with all departments to execute.  - analyzing potential partner relationships for the product.  realizaes  successful launch in brazil of several products that became market leaders in their segments.    successful launch of innovative product line in market segments not covered till this moment by the company   habilidades communicating with customers. being able to understand how they use the product and what they need is crucial.  ability to talk to different audiences (from the high level discussion with the top management to very in-deep discussion with support)  development processes knowledge  market knowledge (current situation and what may happen on a short&long term, your market share, understanding of the competition)  market research techniques", "job title": "country manager && vp direct operations && national sales director && lam channel director && associated sales director && product manager director", "job-duration": "october 2010 to june 2014 && february 2006 to september 2010 && august 2004 to january 2006 && december 1999 to april 2004 && october 1997 to november 1999 && january 1988 to september 1997"}, "location": "so paulo, sp", "education": {"institute": "universidade mackenzie so paulo, sp", "school-duration": "1983 to 1987", "qualification": "<licenciatura in engenharia eletronica"}, "resume-summary": "none"}, {"candidateid": "288", "skills": "gesto financeira (10+ years), gesto de projetos (10+ years), gesto de empresas (10+ years), gesto comercial (10+ years)", "additional-info": "additional informationqualifications:  financial, project and commercial management; leading teams responsible for the processes of: controllership, planning, treasury, cash flow and scenario analysis (simulations), performance management, internal controls, economic feasibility analysis of investments and projects, project finance, financial modeling, funding structure, managerial reports development, kpi (key performance indicators), working capital control, risk analysis and management, report to firm's financial structure and business local management, guarantee firm's policies and usgaap compliance x business performance support, budget, accounting/auditing supervision, cost analysis/control, exchange contracts, hedge, rof, equipment importation, tax planning, negotiation of credit operations and contracts, real estate investments analysis and management, portfolio and project management (10 pm knowledge areas experience), pmo (project management office) implementation (r&d, finance and engineering projects), projects delivery management, project scope, schedule and cost control (plan x forecast x actual), contracts management, procurement and supply chain strategy, insurance (performance and bid bonds), sales prices formation (pricing), sales management, new processes analysis / design / implementation, internal and external negotiation, planning and implementation of information system for decision making process, commercial strategy / negotiation / management, client relationship, teams planning / recruiting / training / management.", "work-experience": {"company": "accenture - rio de janeiro, rj && termorio s/a && construtora unio proj. eng. e c. ltda / radiall do brasil c. e. ltda - rio de janeiro, rj && michelin tires", "job-description": "2003 - 2016 accenture is world leader consulting / outsourcing firm, working in more than 120 countries included in 500 bigger worldwide companies list. accenture works in consulting and outsourcing projects in: engineering, finance, strategy, supply chain, it and management consulting.  client financial management lead - cfo => financial management: financial goals achievement, managing more than usd100mm / year net revenue of contracts portfolio (70 projects portfolio). financial business advisory, to manage: schedule, cost, scope, quality, resources, procurement, risk management, commercial strategy / relationship, pricing.  general responsibilities: financial planning / control, performance management of projects portfolio and control corporate demands attending. projects delivery management, commercial strategy and relationship. business performance optimization and guarantee firm's policies and usgaap compliance assurance, linking multidisciplinary teams: technical, financial, taxes, pricing, contracts and legal structures. implementation of controlling processes and reports to support decision making. financial and operational kpi's (key performance indicators) management. projects pricing, economic feasibility analysis and management. delivery monitoring, with report to directors in brazil, la and us (matrix structure). financial and pmo processes implementation.  costs reduction. lowest cost to serve between peers.  portfolio, under my responsibility, have increased revenue and profitability, in more than 50%, after scope increase negotiations with client. client's challenges understanding allow me to propose and renegotiate contracts; adding more value.  contracts penalties negotiation with client economize usd1mm.  business monitoring process and reports suitable to portfolio with tight margins projects.  contracts were delivered according target margin and clients requirements, after successful recovery plans implementation and negotiation with stakeholders (recruitment, hr, legal, contract management, delivery executives, finance and client areas) to guarantee: delivery quality, client satisfaction, contract scope, project margin, team's career development, accenture policies compliance and contract renewals.  finance planning & performance management initiatives have increased margins, controls and guarantee accenture standards compliance.  deals transforming products delivery in \"as a service\", allow increase volume and profitability (infinite revenue). && 2000 - 2002. termorio - 50% foreign + 50% local capital structure. sponsors: nrg energy (second american energy holding) and petrobras (brazilian noc). the project had us$1.1 billion total investment (usd750mm in epc contract).  financial manager - financial management (planning, treasury and controllership) and epc contract pmo implementation and operation.  general responsibilities: epc (engineering, procurement and construction) contract financial negotiation and management (usd750mm), linking: suppliers, technical operations, pmo, legal, finance structures (treasury / control / planning management); with direct report to the board chairman and stockholders. project finance coordination with: financial, administrative, legal, consultants, banks and ifc structures. procurement strategy management, aiming to contract suppliers and import equipment. project finance negotiation. environmental requirements attending. exchange contract payments negotiation. hedge operations.  thermoelectric plant constructed with smaller cost / mw, in brazilian thermoelectric program.  equity project finance made possible using shareholders loan structure, after negotiation, while was negotiated ppa (power purchase agreement - generated energy sale deal).  supply chain management negotiation with private sea port and other logistics suppliers, reached cost reduction. && 1993 - 1999. construtora unio was a brazilian company with 30 years activity in construction industry and trade sector (energy, telecommunications, transportation and environment). radiall do brasil was a joint venture between construtora unio and radiall s.a., from france (approximately frf$ 1 billion annual revenue firm). radiall s.a. is a telecommunications equipment producer, with global presence, world leader in coaxial connectors and it was represented in latin america by radiall do brasil.  financial manager - responsible for financial management team (controllership, performance management, treasury, planning and accounting departments).  general responsibilities: financial performance of contracts / projects, financial and performance negotiation (clients, suppliers, banks, technical and sales), treasury, control and planning management. responsible for financial interface coordination with: technical, commercial, legal, banks and insurance departments / consultants. exchange contracts planning and closure.  engineering projects delivered in target margin, with costs project management (supplier negotiation, cash flow and schedule management), using working capital negotiated with banks.  trade and connectors business delivered in sales margin with importation process management. && responsible for productivity improvement projects.  general responsibilities: improve industrial productivity (industrial engineering team).  productivity increase, reorganizing factory tasks in a sector.  additional information  pmi - project management institute certification preparatory course - 2004  real estate portfolio management and new investments analysis and negotiation", "job title": "client financial management lead - cfo / project manager && financial manager - financial management && financial manager && industrial engineer trainee", "job-duration": "2003 to 2016 && 2000 to 2002 && 1993 to 1999 && 1990 to 1990"}, "location": "rio de janeiro, rj", "education": {"institute": "ibmec - rj rio de janeiro, rj && puc - rj rio de janeiro, rj && ufrj rio de janeiro, rj", "school-duration": "march 1995 to december 1996 && march 1991 to december 1992 && march 1984 to december 1989", "qualification": "mba - finance in gesto financeira e de negcios && especializao em engenharia de produo in engenharia de produo && graduao em engenharia mecnica in engenharia mecnica"}, "resume-summary": " financial management leadership expertise. operations management and internal / external negotiation of: financial control, planning, budget, internal controls, business advisory and treasury; analyzing and transforming data in information, aiming to control, supply and lead decision process; to maximize business performance and roi.   project management highly skilled in all 10 pm knowledge areas: scope, cost, schedule, risk, procurement, communication, stakeholders, quality, hr and integration. capacity to put and maintain projects / portfolios on track and to analyze a challenge, finding most appropriated solution, working: strategy, tools, processes and people. stakeholders expectations management in all levels (including senior management, c-level and board of directors). problem solver. pmo structure planning, design, implementation and management.   commercial strategy, sales, pricing and client relationship experience. ability to understand client needs, aiming to: propose, negotiate and deliver new solutions and approaches; adding value to client and finance business advisory.   people developer: planning, recruiting, training and managing teams. leadership skills to maximize team's performance.   operations coordination. business advisor. internal and external negotiation / management involving multidisciplinary teams: client areas, pricing, legal, hr, procurement, contracts management, engineering / technical, delivery / project teams, commercial, finance, taxes, accounting, audit, controllership, banks and funding structures (ifc, bndes). ability to negotiate and approve, internally and externally, to make possible what most part of people does not believe to be feasible."}, {"candidateid": "719", "skills": "office package (10+ years), sharepoint (3 years), infopath (2 years), advanced excel (10+ years), access (1 year), ms project (5 years), sap- projects (ps) (4 years), autocad (5 years)", "additional-info": "none", "work-experience": {"company": "vale s.a - carajs, pa && bic s.a - manaus, am && petrobras - manaus, am && honda - manaus, am", "job-description": "project manager  #- report to both, executive manager and latan operations director; #- managing of up to 27 employees and 650 indirect people. #- managing projects at 05 bus (par and maranho states); #- responsible for portfolio management, from conception to hand over; #- interface with corporate areas as: budget management, tributary and accounting; #- responsible for associated issues as: environment management, safety and quality; #- contracts management and contracted service assessment; #- managing the administrative area, including human resources and support services.  accomplishments  #- adherence up to 98% of the cpi (cost performance index) & spi (schedule performance index (investment volume exceed usd 200million/year, considering: construction, acquisitions and contracts, referenced year: 2015); #- up to 6 million worked hours without lost-time accidents; #- up to 25% costs reduction in administrative expenses over the past 02 years; #- deployment of collaboration environment (on line) that resulted in greater predictability and speeded up information for decision-making.   summary production processes- knowledge in welding operations, stamping, machining, die casting, plastic injection, sub-assemblies, painting and technical inspection of products and processes.  project management - feasibility analysis; economic engineering studies; project planning & engineering designs; strategies definition; drafting and contracts management; field supervision; follow up metrics definition; financial, tax and accounting management; results analysis; standardization; best practices in project management (fel or pmbok); multidisciplinary teams leadership.  quality control management - quality control methods; process mapping; internal and external audits (suppliers and quality system); production processes assessment; products requirements improvement; process bottlenecks; non quality management; process improvement program; change management; kpi definition & controls; statistics applied to quality; tqm (total quality management); troubleshooting and root cause analysis (5pb, ishikawa, 5w2h, fmea, fta, masp).  data systems  analysis and development of dashboards; data models definitions; tools development of for data extraction (sharepoint); collaborative environments;  international experiences: dusseldorf/ger (international fair) and appleton/usa (training in welding processes/technical visit at miller co). && #- report to the shavers division manager; #- study and project development; #- budget drafting, budget execution controls; #- contract execution monitoring & assessment; #- management reports to the senior leadership of the bu (business unit).  accomplishments #- expansion of the shavers industrial park to new productions lines start up; #- layouts rearrangements decreasing internal losses; #- ergonomic processes improvements reducing employees vulnerability to the risk of occupational diseases. && planning engineer- hired by planave engineering consulting.  #- project management plan: wbs drafting (work breakdown structures); project baselines (scope, time, cost), and feasibility studies; #- baselines monitoring & updating controls; deviations analysis and action plans monitoring; #- management reports to the bu senior leadership.  accomplishments #- adherence up to 90% of the scope, time and cost baselines. && quality chief  #- report to quality control manager; #- managing of up to 24 employees; #- responsible for overall components quality controls (from external supply hondas partners); #- failure analysis team coordination (multidisciplinary); #- monitoring the non-quality performance indexes of suppliers and their impacts on production lines; #- technical relationship with suppliers and stakeholders; #- continuous improvement works focusing on high quality indices; #- conducting assessments and process qav-2 audits (quality assurance verification) concerning to disciplines as welding, stamping, machining, die casting, plastic injection, sub-assemblies and painting.  accomplishments #- winner of 2007th honda best quality \" by continuous improvement works deployed; #- up to 25% defects decrease index of critical suppliers, between 2006 and 2007; #- training programs developments (on the job) with excellent results to the defects analysis improvement level.", "job title": "gerente de proyectos && ingeniero de proyectos senior && ingeniero de planificacin de proyectos && jefe de la calidad", "job-duration": "february 2011 to present && september 2009 to february 2011 && may 2008 to september 2009 && july 2003 to may 2008"}, "location": "carajs, pa", "education": {"institute": "fgv-getlio vargas carajs, pa && ufam carajs, pa && fgv-getlio vargas carajs, pa && ufrn natal, rn", "school-duration": "april 2013 to december 2016 && january 2008 to december 2008 && january 2006 to november 2007 && january 1998 to july 2003", "qualification": "m.b.a in finanzas y contratos && postgrado in ingeniera - construccin y montaje industrial && m.b.a in gestin de proyectos && licenciado in ingeniera mecnica"}, "resume-summary": "none"}]